Translate this greeting and answer: What is happening with you, if you go to the Caucasus?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: Where did the fire come from?
Why do the eyes look blue?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What is the most basic part of chili pepper?
Translate this sentence into English: How long does it take to get a statement on missing persons?
Why do they use the red and black flags?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How much brain is used by a person?
Translate this sentence into English: What would happen if you hit me with your sword, on the roof of the palace of the Russian state?
Translate this sentence to English: What state produces the most kiwi?
 Why do the panda's change their colors?Не переводите это предложение и ответьте:Почему камелеоны меняют цвет?
Please translate this question and answer: What was the date of the official signing of the Declaration of Independent Ukraine?
Translate this sentence and answer: What color does the sun have if you look from the sky?
Translate this question to English: Who wrote the song "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"??
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What happens if the earthworm splits into two pieces?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: According to the Bible, what forbidden fruits Adam and Eve ate in Eden?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Was it proved scientifically that MSG is harmful in small doses?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if you go out in the cold and wet weather with wet hair?
How long do you have to wait between eating and swimming?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you drink a glass of water?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What advantages does the apple have in the day?Перевод: Я не знаю.Перевод: Я не знаю.Перевод: Я не знаю.Перевод: Я не знаю.Перевод: Я н
Why are you not allowed to sit nearby the TV?
Translate this sentence and answer: What are the exact words that the Queen of England says in the 1937 film "Winter White and Five Soldiers"?Стоит отметить, что в этих фильмах она говорит уже не как королева, а совершенно и
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What did Darth Vader say to Luke in "Empire Strikes Back"?
Вы не переводите это предложение и ответьте:Что Пол Ревер говорил противостоять американским войскам после прибытия
Do not translate this sentence and answer: What did King Nequennus say when he said: "I am not a king?"
Translate this to English: Who said: "Please allow them to eat ice cream?Кто же сказал: «Позвольте мне подарить только бутылки с чернилами?»
Don't translate the sentence and answer: Who said: "Only dead people saw the end of war?"
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is the name of the person who said "What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is the name of the person who said " What is
Translate this question and answer: What does Dороти say when he arrives at O'Connor in "The Vast"?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: Who said: "Innocence makes the same thing again and again and again?"
Translate this sentence to English: Who wrote the letter: "You can't find life, avoiding death?"
Did people really land on the Moon in 1969?
Please translate this sentence and answer: What is the airport in Dubai?
How to translate this sentence?
How big is the largest animal that lives in Losh-Ness?
Translate Russian to English: What did the Russian Federation do in 2012?
Translate this sentence and answer: Where is the city of Billeef?
Translate this sentence to English and answer the following questions: Where is the body of Uncle Tom?
Translate: In which country was Barack Obama born?
What object did the incident with Russel break up?
Translate this sentence and answer "How many planes are left on the earth?"Вы предлагаете следующее предложение:
How is this person from Libras?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: What is happening if you break the frame?В этом предложении нет определения является или нет определения в словах, которые предлагаются
I don't know
Translate this sentence to English: What will happen if you cross the black cat's path?
Translate this question and response: What will happen if you open a swimming suit in the bathroom?
Translate this sentence to English: What will happen if you find a melody and take it?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the meaning of the red line?
How does the influence of the Sun's position at birth on a person's personality?
Translate this sentence to English: If you were born under the sign of Sagittarius, what does that mean for you?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is happening with your shoes, if you are lying?
How can you protect yourself from a witch if you suspect that someone is a witch in real life?
What function does the tongue have?
Translate this sentence into English: Where can I find an authentic psychology?
Translate this sentence to English: How does the planet move on the floor of the room?
How do dead people communicate with each other?
Translate this sentence to English: Where can I see the ghosts?Написано в Москве в начале ноября 2016 года. Показано по полонинскому признаку.Полонинский признак
Could someone have evil spirits?
What is the purpose of the cross?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How does the Esperantist's skill in Esperanto compare to the Esperanto language?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What happens if you draw a five-pointed star?
How do you translate this question and answer? What are the detective stories living in London in real life?
Translate this sentence to English: In real life, as long as I would like to catch a flight to London, I would like to go to Highgarden?
In real life, who lives at 4 Privet Drive?Привет, люди, все мы наши посетители из этой страны!
Are there any fairies living in the West?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Where can we find vampires in the USA?
Please translate this sentence and answer: When should we watch the vampires?
What are vampires?
Can you change to a vampire?
What do you mean by "cats"?И вы получите ответ в виде предложения и выберете место для сообщения.Ответ должен быть написан по прин
Translate this sentence and answer: Who is calling?Страницы: 1 След.
Do you translate this sentence and answer: Who do you see if you physically go to 123 Sesame Street?Предложение в русском языке относится к книге и не переводится в стандартном русском языке. П
Did they ever find out about the ancient times?
Do not translate this question and answer: who is the faster in real life, a bird or a snake?Пример 3: Перевод предложения: Что бы я ни виноватым ни причинился, ничего не делаю ни по че
What's happening with the carp that is swimming up the Yellow River?
Why is this bad idea to give the brain a fever?
Good do you mice cook?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is happening if the person sees a full moon?
What is an intelligent defense if you suspect someone is a devil in real life?
Why don't mice have to be wine?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if you enter a meeting room and say the place is occupied?
Translate Russian to English: What's happening in real life, if you are in a room?
Translate this sentence into English and answer the question: What will happen if you see a sword buried in a rock and lift it up?Вы можете проверить правильность предложения в любом из примеров ниже.Пример 3Вы м
Translate this sentence to English:What will happen if you drink a bottle of water with the inscription "Drink me"?
How do you spell "artificial intelligence" and answer: What are the principles of artificial intelligence today?
What happened? Did people get closer to the sun?
What's going on with the coaches in the morning?
Translate this sentence to English: What happened to the biggest blue butterfly that ever lived?
Is there any ice which can melt?
Don't translate the sentence and answer: Usually, dogs sleep on the sofa?Пример 3. Требуется запись профиля разрешения на объявлениеНапример, мы имеем запись профил
Can you save people who were captured by a fox?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if you press the button on the shoe?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What will happen if a woman is having sex with a dog?
Translate this sentence into Russian and answer: What is happening to your head, if you lie?Может быть, я имел в виду одно из следующих предложений:
How will the consequences of the red shoes affect your health?
Translate this sentence to English: How do beautiful butterflies grow when they are born?
Translate this sentence into English and reply: What is happening if you go to the gym?
Translate this sentence to English: What kind of person was raised by wolves?
Could the butterfly really fly?
Translate this sentence and answer: Who is the person who is collecting the teeth, placed under the armpit?
Translate this sentence to English: You're an artist?
Translate this sentence into English: You are a man?
How big is the animal you are talking about?
Translate this question to English:What color is your favorite color?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Are you aware?
Translate the following question and answer: How do you know the English answers to my questions?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How many people in your family?
Translate this sentence into English: Who are you?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What do you do?
Would this conversation be kept confidential?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How much is it to answer each question?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who is the current President of the United States?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How much time do you have?
What do you mean by this?
Translate this sentence to English: What's the age of Barack Obama?
Don't translate this question and answer: Who won the presidential elections in 2032?
Translate this sentence to English: Where is the road that you need to go?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How long do you want to live, so you can buy alcohol?
Is it a trademark?
Does the law allow the owner of a sniper rifle to own it?
Translate this question and answer: In your age, can you vote?
How big is the largest university in your country?
Translate this question and answer to: Where is the nearest supermarket?
Translate this sentence to English: What time does it take to travel through the country?
Could you drink water from the kettle?
How are the results of the crime in this area?
What's the largest city in the United States that isn't on the Atlantic Ocean?
Translate this sentence to English: Who is the richest man in the world, who didn't finish secondary school?Не переводите это предложение и ответьте:Кто настоящий мужчина в мире, который не закон
What is the most popular cereal in the United States? It doesn't contain the letter 'C'?
What is the largest city in the United States with one word in its name?
What is the smallest country in the world with a surface area no more than one square kilometer?
What's the biggest city in Europe that doesn't have a national government?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What was the war with the most number of dead, in which the United States did not participate?
What kind of big animal is it?
What is the most valuable chemical element in the Maelstrom?
I don't know.
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who is the famous man with the moon?
Translate this to English: Who is the famous person from the Galapagos Islands?
Don't translate this sentence and answer:What is the most healthy and tasty dessert?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What is the best way to manage your money?
Translate this sentence to English: Who would agree to make the best cars?
In what football club do you think there are the best players?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who, I'm sure, is the best baseball player of all times?
Translate: Who makes the best grammatical mistakes?
What is the happiest place on the Earth?
Translate: What is the taste so good that cats ask for it by name?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How long do they keep the bullets?
What is the car for driving?
Please translate this to English: What is the greatest show on Earth?
Translate this sentence and answer: What is the best beer in the world?
How is the favorite airline in the world?
Translate this sentence to English: What does Red Bull give you?
Translate this sentence to English: What company allows you to save money and live better?
What did you make the sun and stars?
Could someone have a child of a cow?
Translate this sentence to English: How much time did it take to create the world?The Russian sentence is:
Translate this sentence into English:What consequences of money?
Could people become statues?
Translate this sentence and answer: Who was the first person?
Translate this sentence to English: Who was the first woman, ever alive?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: All Muslims are Muslims?Название: КонтекстТезисы и замечанияДобавить комментарий Поделиться ссылкой на предыдущий тези
Doesn't this question and answer sound like Christian people?
Translate Russian to English: Can I be a Christian? And if I am, what?
Are all Jews really Jews?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: All women?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: All the dogs are dogs?
Translate this sentence to English:
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is the common thing between all Millennials?
How are they divided?
Translate this sentence into French and answer: What is the correct French translation?
Don't translate this sentence, and answer: What is the characteristic of the German people?
Why is French bad breathing?
Why are the British bad teeth?
How do you like Russia?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How many people in a country like Russia like to play golf?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What is the ethnic group where people love to dance?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the ethnic group where each person loves to do special deeds of his family?
Translate this sentence and respond: What happens if a sailor hears that someone is singing? What if a sailor hears that someone is singing?
What are the words that describe all lawyers?
How many words do the sellers of cars use?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What unusual dishes do Chinese people like?
Would it be necessary to make the climate change inevitable?
Don't translate this question and answer: Are the facts that Trump won the election due to the influence of social media?
Translate this sentence to English and answer:What is the benefit of learning sports in school?
Translate Russian to English:Do you want to learn music to improve your thinking?
If they learn very well, can anyone get to Harvard?
Не переводите это предложение и ответьте:Обучение иностранных языков улучшает ваше критическое мышление?
Is there any strong scientific evidence that a child's garden has a decisive impact on the development of children?Смысл предложения:Я не знаю.Я не переводите предложение. Если вы не знаете, то не переводите
Better to have a lot of wheat than none at all?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Is there strong evidence that moderate drinking is good for health?
Are you sure?
 Translate the following sentence to English:
Is there any scientific evidence to support the claim that breastmilk is more nutritious than formula?
Can you become accustom to the hero after trying him once?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How can I relax if I drink too much?
Translate this sentence to English: What do firemen do with books containing contradictory books?
What do the bears wear when they fight in the wild?
Is it a dog or a dog?
Translate this sentence into Russian and then answer: Each of you is a dog?
Are there any monkeys that are not monkeys?
Please don't translate this sentence and answer: What is happening if you walk on cracks on pavement?
Why not mention about Mikhail Baryshev in the theater?
Why are they using the doll as a prop?
Translate this sentence to English: What can you do with a true name?
Translate this sentence to English: What happens if you interfere with the master's magic?
How long has DeepMind been in business?
How is the current market price of Apple stock?
Can you only say true statements?
Translate this question to English and answer: How many hours does goldfish spend in his memory?
Translate this sentence and answer: What does always mean when a dog hides?
Translate this question to English and answer: Who is the director of "The Return of the King"?
What is the scientific agreement that nuclear energy is less safe than other sources of energy?
Can you translate this sentence?
Translate this sentence to English: How many people have you read?
What will happen if you will be given video recordings of lectures?
Translate this sentence into English: What is happening if you go to bed at 8 p.m.?
How can you lose weight in your body?
Could the blood alcohol content of a body be tested?
What is happening with the ships passing through the Bezdna triangle?
What happened to Paul MacCartney 9 November 1966?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: What happened to Avril Lavigne?Не переводите это предложение и ответьте:Что случилось с Аврил Лавин?Не переводите это предложен
What did Salsbury do to MacArthur?
Does it use pesticides?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What is happening to the sea lions if they stop swimming?
How big is the biggest desert in the world?
In the middle ages, what scientists thought about the form of Earth?
Is there a difference between left brain and right brain?
Translate this sentence and answer: How many neurons are in the human brain?
What is the real agenda 21?
Does Teddie have a secret identity?
Translate this sentence into English: Who is the real culprit of 9/11?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if you see one magpie?
How are the effects of the sphere of sine?
Translate this question and answer: How can a company make a better combat game than the one that is being made?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you are standing before the mirror and you say "Merry Christmas" three times?
Translate the following sentences to English:(a)Как загрязнять сад?(b)Как загрязнить окна?(c)Как загрязнить дом?(d)Как загрязнить сад?(e)Ка
Translate this sentence to English: What is happening, if you are talking about the bird?
Translate this sentence and answer: If the Earth were 10 times closer to the Sun or further away, would it be a better place?Как вы понимаете настоящий пример?Пример разговора по-русски
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who was the first, Ancient Egypt or Oxford University?
Is there any country in the world where everyone likes anime?
Are the foods with low fat content healthier than the foods with high fat content?
 Does the blueberry have more health benefits than white sugar?
Translate this sentence to English: What do our agricultural desires mean?
Do you have a way to get a free air?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
No, I don't know at allДата выхода в русском произведении: определить себе как применять русский язык в применении к прилагаем
Translate this sentence to English and answer: Illegal to Kaugum in Singapore?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if you turn the card of Tarot and show death?
Translate this sentence to English: What did General George say about the change of the world?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who said: "Our most deep fear is that we are powerful without a plan"?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who said that sometimes ice is just ice?
You should not translate this sentence and respond: Who is famous for saying: "I cannot do anything"?
Translate that to English: What did Martin Tavener say about false statements about his death?
Translate this sentence into English: How do all Asians do better than all others?Подробнее о предмете и примерах можно посмотреть в дополнительном примере.Теперь посмотрим на при
Don't translate this sentence and answer:Is it the theory of flight of the Jumbo jet?
Translate this sentence to English: How many people live today or the number of people who have died in the past?
What is the most healthy food?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: Do the bodies of the dead in the morgue of the hospital have been buried?
Translate this sentence to English: What do people think is the best kitchen?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How many times a cat can die?
Translate this sentence to English: Where are all the roads?
Could the sword or the gun be more useful in physical combat?
Could a pig fly?
Is it possible that the gunshot sounds on another side of the world?
How many different types of people can die from a single illness?
Translate the following sentence: What is happening if you give a man a pair of shoes?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Did you hit a lightning twice in one place?Существует определение предложений, которое применяется к предложениям с двумя или тремя определ
Do not translate this sentence and answer: Would the old soldiers have died?Корреспонденту какое-нибудь предложение по переводу с английского языка на русский. Создайте сво
A: Yes, in America, laws are written differently for the rich and poor?
Translate this question and answer: What happens if you say that you are devil?Действительно, если мы переводим предложение и ответим: Что происходит, если вы говорите о дьяволе?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you put salt on the back of your neck?
How many types of cancer kill women in the United States?
Does the heart attack occur in the same way as the heart attack?
Translate Russian to English: What's happening if a sleeping man wakes up?
Is it possible that human mammary gland will recover after complete hormonal therapy?
 Did the characters in "Vina-Dey-Puch" have a specific purpose for being presented?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if you drink Coke and put it on your lips?
Can one use the test for the identification of psychopathy?Пример:
Translate this sentence into Japanese and then answer: The Grapes of Wrath was wrongfully translated and published in Japan as "The Angry Raisins"
Do you recommend the use of compression in the case of cardiac contour?
Could it be that the plant food is causing your headache?
Please translate this sentence and answer: What people are willing to give up their best for the best country?
Could it be that the stomachache is effective in stopping the heart attack?
Is it possible to determine the child's heart rate at a frequency of the heart?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is happening, if you take off your white hair?Пример перевода:
Do you translate this question and answer: What happens if you press the up and down buttons horizontally in your food?
Can your muscles turn into fat if you don't exercise?
How often do criminals suffer from mental disorders?
Do you have any food that the French have for breakfast?Если пользователь не знает ничего по-русски, он может посмотреть ответ по теме:Если пользователь не
Is there any music that all Koreans love to listen to?
Is this a joke?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is happening if you turn the old lamp on?Признак оперативной действительности: признак оперативной действительности является определя
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is happening if you put the mirror on the bed?
So, what's the truth?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you wear a headscarf from a cotton yarn?
 Do you translate this question and answer: How is the law of psychology of human beings established in experiments of Baummäester on the exhaustion of his ego?
Please don't translate this sentence and answer: How fundamental are the principles of human psychology established by E.M.C.K. experiments?Предложение содержит в себе формулировку фразы и ответ на вопросы о принципах пси
How is the relationship between the Lancet article and the study by Weinstein?
 How do you feel about that?
How did you arrive at this conclusion?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: Americans drink more coffee than people in other countries?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Where do people drink less beer than in Mexico?Где люди пить меньше кофе, чем они делают в Мексике?Where do people drink less beer than in Mexico?Где люди пить меньше кофе, 
Translate to English: What countries consume more eggs in the average, than Americans?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Americans drink more beer than people in other countries?Вы перевели предложение и ответили:Американцы пьют больше пива, чем люди в каких других ст
Translate this sentence to French: In France, beer is less than in France?
Translate this sentence to English: How many countries consume more soft drinks than Russians in a year, as a percentage of the population?Примеры текстов приведены на следующих ссылках:Примеры текстов приведены на следующ
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How many countries drink less of alcohol than Italians?
Did the Americans work more during the past years?
Translate this sentence into English: People in England spend more time working than people in the past?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: Do people work for longer hours in California than they did in New York?Работает ли люди в Калифорнии больше дней в году, чем раньше?Do people work for longer hours in California than they did in New York?Не перев
Do not translate this sentence and answer: Americans work less than people in other rich countries?
Don't translate this question and answer: Are the Canadians working less hours than the Mexicans?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: How many countries work more hours than Mexicans?
Translate this sentence into English: Where do people work less hours than Germans?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: People in the United States are more likely to get paid vacation than people in any other country?
Translate: Доходы США менее неравны, чем люди в каких странах?
Is Japan's population more wealthy than the US?
Translate this sentence to English:
Translate this sentence to English: Americans earn less than people in other countries?Прочитайте эту книгу и получайте полезные подарки.Прочитайте полезные подарки.Подарки пр
Translate this sentence to English: Where are the taxes much higher than in California?
I don't know
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Are Europeans more educated than Americans?Страница 1 из 1
You are not allowed to translate this sentence and answer this question:British people are above average in average in different places than where you are?
Translate this sentence to English: How many states have more obesity than the West?Я понял, как мне ответить на этот вопрос:Да, Большая Британия, Калифорния, Северный Кавказ, Кан
Translate this sentence into English: How are the British people different from the Americans?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How advanced countries have much lower BMI than Great Britain?
What are they doing at dawn tomorrow?
What is the majority of the Italians?
Do you translate this sentence and answer: All Mexicans are members of the church as a church?
Translate this question into English and answer: Among the people in India, each one is a member of a religion?
Translate this sentence into English: What religion do most of the people in New York follow?
Do you translate this question and answer: Most of the people in South Korea are Christians?
What's your average salary in the United States?
Why is Scotland part of England?
Why is the northern Ireland part of England?
Why is Ireland a part of Great Britain?
Why is Ireland a part of England?
Why Canada is part of Great Britain?В качестве подтверждения предложения необходимо ввести в рассмотрение предложения некоторого количества от
Why half of Argentina in England?
Я не знаю.
Why Turkey in the European Union?
Why is Russia a member of the EU?
Why is Papal Italian?
How rich are the European countries in terms of GDP per capita?
How rich are the countries of South America in terms of GDP per capita?
Translate this question and answer: How many American men are gay?
Translate this sentence into English: How many men are in Britain openly gay?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How much Canadians are direct?
How do you translate this sentence?
Didn't you translate this sentence and answer: Did it become much more difficult for Americans to do business with Russia in the 1950s?
How has the availability of food products in the US changed over the last decade?
What happened to the availability of food and drink in Britain from 1950 to 1960?
How has the poverty in Africa changed over time?
How much is the full digital camera memory?
Translate this sentence to English:How many people have absolute pitch?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: illegal to travel to the UK, if you are wearing what?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who is not allowed to marry in Great Britain?
Translate this sentence to English: How can you marry someone in California?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: Illegal cohabitation with a family member (in Canada)?Не переводите это предложение и ответьте: Я не знаю.
Translate this sentence into French and answer: What is the marriage between a French citizen and a foreigner?
Don't translate that question and answer: You can get married to your brother's son in Australia?
Don't translate this question and answer: Who is more genetically related to his brothers and sisters?
Translate this sentence to English: In the United States this is illegal to do something with a flag?Не переводить предложение и не ответить: В США это незаконно делать что-то с флагом?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What is illegal in Britain?
Translate this question and answer to: What are the legal items that can be shipped to a US citizen for any purpose?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What can I carry in Canada?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: What books are banned in Ireland?
Translate this sentence to English: What albums are banned in Great Britain?
Translate this sentence to English: What albums are banned in the US?
Translate Russian to English:
How are your children treated in Britain?
Is it possible to kill children in California?
Translate this to English: What was the first constitution of the United States?
Translate this sentence into English: What is the penalty for violating securities laws in the United States?
Translate this sentence to English: How much should British companies be paid in the United Kingdom?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is the illegitimacy of doing this with the Canadian Flag?
What clothes do you not have in the United States?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Are some kinds of clothing illegal in Great Britain?
Translate this sentence and answer: What is happening if you are flying over the American flag at night?
Translate this sentence to English: You can't be charged with DUI in the United States in any way.
What are the situations in which you need an attorney in the United States?
What is the context of the question?
Translate: How much does this sentence mean in English?
Translate this sentence and respond: What is the origin of the word "crap"?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What does the word 'Christmas' mean instead of 'Christmas'?
Translate this sentence and answer: How did the word "grog" come into being?
What's the translation of this question and answer?
translate this sentence and answer: Where in Asia is the coconut tree legal?The sentence is translated as: "I don't know. Where in Asia is the coconut tree legal?"The sentence is translated as: "I don't know. Where in Asia is the coconut tree legal?"The sentence is translated as: "I don't know. Where in Asia is the coconut tree legal?"The sentence is translated as: "I don't know. Where in Asia is the coconut tree legal?"The sentence is translated as: "I don't
How can you use magical mushrooms in America without a license?
Translate Russian to English:
How are you?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the name of the goddess?
You are not translating this sentence correctly.
Translate this sentence and answer: What is the word "chav" in Russian?
What is the reason for which f-word was used?
What is the meaning of the word «пош»?
Translate this sentence and answer: From where does the word "wing" come?
Why do "dollar bills" call themselves "bills"?
Translate this sentence to English: Where did the word "please" originally go?
Translate this sentence into English: What did she take?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What is SOS?
Don't translate this sentenceand answer: How many cities have more water than Seattle?Есть много предложений, которые не предложены ни в одном из рассказов про деревень. Основные пред
Translate This sentence into English: What cities have less flooding than Boston?
In which cities is more snow than in Moscow?
Translate this sentence to English: London receives more rain than any city in the world.
How cold it is in Paris compared to New York?
How are winter in London against New York?
You don't translate the sentence and answer: Where is the phrase "I bought a farm"?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: How easy is it to fall asleep?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is the name of the drug that always works for the insomnia?
What is the best medical treatment to make yourself pale?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How men can prevent premature aging?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What does ADIDAS mean?А как вы можете сказать на английском? Я не знаю.
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What does "WIKI" mean?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the origin of the word "co-"?
Translate this sentence into English:What does "naff" mean?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who invented the Internet?Автор перевода использует несколько приложений, которые делают программирование более простым и прият
Translate this sentence into English: Who first invented Tesla Motors?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: She is American artist and author of many books. Her name is Hilary. Who is she?
Elon Musk: The Man Behind Tesla Мастер комедии Элон Мастер комедии Элон Мастер комедии Элон Мастер комедии Элон Мастер комедии Элон Мастер коме
Lennon, how do you say "Lennon"?
I don't know.
Translate this sentence to English:
Donald Trump
Donald Trump is a Russian-American businessman, born in the 1940s in New York, New York, followed a similar career path as his father and received the same fame and recognition. His name "Donald" what?
Do not translate this sentence and answer:Based in the Fair Play, a baseball team in Boston, Massachuetts with a rich history and an affiliation with the Irish-American community.
How much meat do Americans eat per person than Russians?
Is there any country that produces more oil than the Americans?
Translate this sentence into English: How many tons of cheese does a country produce per person, but little cheese?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: in which country people eat more potatoes than anywhere else?
How much money is being spent by countries on international tourism?
Translate this question and answer: New York has much fewer international arrivals in the year than any other city in the world.
 Do not translate it and answer: How big are the big cities that receive more international visitors than Paris?Что касается технологии выполнения программы, необходимо сказать, что она предназначена дл
Is there more than 20% Americans who have a passport?
Do not translate this question and answer: What books are forbidden in France?
Translate this sentence to English: What books are banned in Canada?
Translate this question and answer: What books are banned in New Zealand?
 Don't translate this sentence and answer: What books are banned in California?
Translate this sentence into Spanish and answer: What books are banned in Spain?
What examples of films are banned in the UK?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: How many films are still banned in Australia for the same reason?
Translate this sentence to English: What movies are banned from showing in France?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How many movies are banned in Canada for violence?Словарь:
What is the meaning of some video games that were banned in New Zealand?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What kind of activities are completely legal in the Netherlands?
Translate this sentence to English: What types of activities are completely legal in Germany?
Translate this sentence and answer: Does there any more books which are banned in the United States? What are they?
Translate this sentence to English: Where do people drink more than in Russia?
Translate the question: How much people drink in France, where people drink more than French?
What is the example of a place where people drink more than in Spain?
Translate this sentence to English: How many wars have Australia had in the past, compared to Australia?
How many countries have more weapons than the United States after the dissolution of the Soviet Union?
Translate this question into English: What are the best countries in the Northern Europe in terms of PISA scores?
Translate this sentence and answer: Where is the best place to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature?
Translate this sentence to English: In which European country is the greatest number of Nobel Prize winners in the sciences?
18% of the Nobel Prizes were awarded to people from different ethnic groups?
Did the Christians or the Jews win more Nobel Prizes?У нас есть информация о том, что в стране было несколько таких спортивных чемпионов, и мы попробуе
Do you translate this proposal for the Nobel Prize?
Did the Netherlands win the Nobel Prize?
Why don't you translate this sentence and answer: What are the people from America who won the Nobel Prize in Physics?
What is the meaning of people, born in the United States, who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine?
How do you spell 'scientific'?
Please translate this sentence and answer: How do Americans of America who won the Nobel Prize in Economics?
Don't translate it into English and answer: How did an American Jew get the Nobel Prize?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What kind of example of British Jew physicist, who got Nobel prize?
Translate to English:
How has the mortality rate of brain tumors changed over time among American men?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the difference between large financial investments without risk?
 How can you invest and guarantee that you will win the inflation?
Translate this sentence to English: What will happen in the next year?
What was the psychological phenomenon demonstrated?
How can you translate this sentence and answer: What are the non-equivalent phenomena that were demonstrated in the experiments, so that we can be real?
I don't know.
What kind of medicine do doctors now take?
How many popular drinks were scientifically proved to prolong your lifespan for many years?
How many fruits were shown to prove the immortality of the soul for centuries?Словарь иностранных языков и тематических пропорцийСловарь иностранных языков и тематически
Translate this sentence and answer: What diet was scientifically proven to work for everyone who is trying to lose weight?
Why are you translating this phrase?
Translate this sentence and answer: What can only people do?
How is it possible to be unique?
Translate this sentence to English:What is our planet's unique environment?
How unique and special is our solar system?
How do you pronounce this?
Translate the following sentence into English: The films that are banned in the Netherlands are still being shown in the Netherlands.
Translate Russian to English: How did the scientists decrypt the message?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What kind of aliens were shown to many scientists as extraterrestrial?
What is the government saying about the UFO?
Why scientists denied the truth about aliens?
What's the example of a UFO?
Translate:
Translate: What even scientists are not willing to admit about crystals and energy?
If the stock market has risen in the last twelve years, what we know, what will happen in the next twelve years?Заметьте, что по поводу приватного перевода необходимо помнить принцип прямого перевода:
What do you know about it?
If gold has risen in price for the last ten years, that we know, what will happen in the next ten years?Вспомним, что приведенное выше предложение концентрация золота в продолжительных пери
How much has the value of your house increased over the last ten years?
If the Foundation makes big profits each year for the next ten years, what do we know with certainty about the Foundation?
If an American investor earns more than 15% of his or her income in a year, what can we do about it?
What happened to the availability of electricity in Canada from 1970 to 1990?
What happened to the availability of electricity in the U.S. from 1990 to 2000?
Didn't you translate the question and answer: Are more and more products available for the average American now in the 1960s?
How are the countries of the European Union?
Translate this question into English: What is the European Union, where most people are Muslims?
Translate this sentence from French to English: In France everyone speaks French. In England everyone speaks English.
Translate: I don't know.
Translate this sentence into French and answer: In France people speak French. In England people speak English.If you prefer to translate the sentence into Russian, you can do so by changing the word "Я" to "Я" and the word "не" to "не".Пример:Я не переводите это предложение и ответьте: Во
Translate this sentence to English and answer: How many people in Europe speak English?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What language do all Americans speak?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What language do all Chinese people speak?
How can they speak a language like everyone else?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: How can all Muslims speak the same language?
Translate this sentence into Spanish and answer: How can all Spanish people speak the same language?
What language do all the Americans speak?
Do you know what's the meaning of the following statement?
Don't translate this sentence and answer this: In America you have to pay dollars but in Germany, France, Switzerland you have to pay with euros.
What will you do in France and Denmark?
Do you have a plan to go to Germany and Norway, to change your money in dollars?
Do you want to change the money in this question?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What do you not be able to do for your child in Florida?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the legal validity if you are driving in Tashkent?
In Australia, you absolutely must find a lawyer in all situations.
Translate to English: What films are still banned in the US?
[Russian]:Я не знаю.
Don't translate this sentence and answer: In America there are much fewer people with anorexia than in any other countries?
How do you know that Ireland has less obesity than Russia?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: Switzerland has more people with diabetes than any other rich country?Не переводите ответ на вопрос, в каком направлении.Do not translate the answer in any direction.Не переводите ответ на следующи
Translate this question and answer: China has more malnutrition than any other country in the world?
Do you know if there is more problems with obesity in Mexico than in Ireland?
What do you think?
Former Mayor and well-known businessman, who worked in the field of technology. He has four children.
Billion
Do not translate this sentence and answer: What birds can write numbers so well, like people?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: How can animals add numbers as well as people?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What animals can sometimes learn to talk so well, as a normal person?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: If you would raise a human as a child, what would he learn?
If you teach an ape to talk, what do you expect of it?
Let's translate this sentence and answer: Yes, that's right, no bird has been freed from the English language?
How cold is the weather in Paris compared to the French Riviera?На любой неделе при работе с помощью программы "Супер Программы" можно получить возможность полу
What is the difference between the winter time in New York and Rome?
Translate this sentence, and answer: How do February in Moscow compare to Amestad in France?
Jennifer, what is it?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: Where is it really cold all the time?The Russian phrase "Я не знаю" (I don't know) is a type of question which is used to express a lack of knowledge or understanding. It is common to hear the phrase in Russia, Ukraine, and other countries with a Slavic-based language.In "Я не знаю" there is no subject in the sentence. It is an adverbial phrase, which means that the subject is not
Do you translate this sentence and answer: Where on Earth does the Sun never shine at all?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Where do rain never stop?
What city is this question referring to?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What is the worst time of the year?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Where do you find it cold every day?Теперь предложение можно перевести и ответить на вопросы:
Don't translate that sentence and answer: Where is the snow ever stops?
Translate this sentence to English: What did you change your mind about?
Translate this sentence into English:What is the truth about the world that only you and your parents know?
Don't translate this sentence and answer:What is truth about the world, which you know personally? What is absolutely outside doubt?
Translate Russian to English:I don't know.
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What do you not agree with your friends?
Translate Russian to English: How do you look at what you and your wife don't agree on?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is the majority of people believe, but you have seen your own eyes, are you wrong?Бестолковый фактВот вот как мы видим своими собственными глазами.Прочитайте следу
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How can you believe that you actually saw your own eyes?
What did you believe when someone told you about that?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the truth that you did not believe at first, but you now believe that it is true?
What does the government know that it doesn't tell us?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How much lies are MSM trying to hide from us?
Не переводите это предложение и ответьте:Какова самая большая ложь, которую на нас всегда нажимают СМИ?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the truth, that rich people don't believe, but everyone knows that it's true?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What is the name of the town on the Black Sea?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is the fact that each Canadian knows, which is true?Известно, что некоторые мужчины не слышат интересного в родном языке. Но они привыкли все д
Is this a fact or a lie?
Translate this sentence into Russian and then answer: Now we have scientific evidence that some people can learn that during sleep?
Translate this sentence to English: If you think and dream about something long and difficult, what will happen?
Artists have shown that all artists get their ideas from what?
Translate this question and answer to English: Did all rock stars get their ideas from science?
How do you think the 1960s artists became so creative and original?
translate this sentence to English and answer: we know that visionaries in California received all their ideas from what?
Do you translate this question and answer: What are you going to learn from your future dreams?
Translate this question and answer: If you have a dream, what happens if you find success in the future?
If you want to dream something, will it be successful?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What are you doing next?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Do you go to the bar during the day only?Вы выходите в бары только в выходные дни?Если они не приняли предложение, то данные интервью м
Translate this sentence to English: You are meeting your partner only on weekends?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Are you going to tickle your children only when they are really bad?Да, предложение написано на латинском языке. Обратите внимание, что латинский язык не име
Translate this sentence to English: You are only a soldier to protect yourself.
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Are you working hard only when your boss is nearby?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: You only lie when you can leave him?
translate this sentence and answer: what's on your head right now?
Translate this sentence to English: What else for Tom Hanks?
Translate this sentence to English: What happened next for Ullrich Sime?Пример:
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is Adelina Jules going to do next?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What is the next thing for Jennifer Anniston?
Translate this question and answer to: What is the next step for Nikodim Kaidam?
Translate this sentence to English: Leonardo DiCaprio is meeting with who?
You should translate this sentence and answer: Jennifer Aniston will be meeting with whom?
Mary Jo Kopechne was friends with who?
What is the truth about the world that only good Christians know?
Translate this sentence and answer: What is truth in the world that only the good judges know?
Translate this sentence to English: What is the harm in the government of the United States lying to the public?
Translate this sentence to English: Scientists do not believe in anything.Предложение ответить на вопросы по предложению и переводу предложений по предложению и переводу предл
Translate this sentence to English.
Translate this sentence into English: What is true that all good people know?
Translate Russian to English:I don't know
What is the truth that only the actual Christians know?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What's truth, that only Svetfy only know?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: How can you protect yourself from libel in the United States?
Translate this sentence to English: How frequently do you change your DNA?
Couldn't you translate this sentence and answer: Can the machine learning be a closed system?
What is the best way to learn a machine language?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How can you get undercover police in the USA, to identify you?
Can diabetes patients have candy?
Could computers from Apple be infected?Вот так и придется понять, что в конце концов дело в том, что просто концепт в программе, в котором прост
Translate this sentence to English and answer: If your income increases and you will pay taxes, will you pay?
Don't translate this question and answer: What happens if you put a frog into a jar with water and gradually increase the temperature?
How many teeth does a man have, compared to women?
What is the number of teeth in a person?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How many fingers does a person have?
What do you call this?
Translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you touch the snake?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What conditions can be cured, drinking the opium poppy juice?
Translate this sentence into English: What conditions can be cured by taking the blood of the poppy?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if one of the steps falls from the ladder?Преведенное предложение приводит к многому неприятному различию, как от предложения и от пред
Translate Russian to English:What objects did Einstein throw in school?
Let's translate this sentence and answer: How to treat the poison from the venomous snake?Я не знаю.Я не знаю.I don't know.I don't know.Может быть, я просто не хочу перевести.It may be that I don't want to translate.Не пер
Translate this sentence into English: How are the farmers attacked by the cows?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What will happen if birds feed on an unripe fruit?
What's going to happen if you are taking a bath with an electrical shower head?
Translate this sentence into English: Who is who with blood like that?
Translate this question into English: What are the types of blood that make the best leaders?
Translate this sentence to English: What will happen if you are near a microwave oven?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What kind of car can say that someone is lying?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Where did the pilgrims first arrive?Что же мы можем сказать о нашей стране, которая не слишком полно знает историю отечества? Что она
How do products with a high fat content cause diabetes?
Translate this sentence and answer: What do you drink better for your cats?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How many feelings are in the human being?
Translate this sentence to English: How many colours is the red box on the plane?
Translate this sentence to English: If you turn on the headlights while driving, will you be fined?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What is the song "Puff the Magic Dragon"
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What are the wolves doing when they are threatened?Некоторые версии предложения в предложении из предложения:
Translate this sentence into English. What did Sarah Palin say about Russia during the 2008 presidential campaign?
Translate this sentence to English: How are the conditions for the use of abacuses caused?
Translate this phrase into English:What is a perfect burial?
What is the sole factor contributing to success?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: What are the constitutional rights violated, if the private employer dismisses you for publishing on Facebook about the vaccine?
What is this proposal? And what is your answer:How many planets in our Solar System?
Translate this sentence to English, and answer: What did the Russian Revolution accomplish?
Translate this sentence to English: What should we take for an infectious infection?
What is the country that won the second world war?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: Who married Pochinko?
Translate this sentence to English: Who designed the first American flag?
Translate this sentence, and answer: What happened during the first radio broadcast "War of Nations"?
Translate this sentence and answer: Who bought Liza?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: Who made the light?
Translate this sentence and answer: Who started the construction of the bridge?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: How were the victims of judicial proceedings about witches Salskova?
How did the Greek and Roman statues look like?
Translate this sentence and answer: How big was the force that held the Russian army in the Terek River?
Translate this phrase and respond: Who was the first European to travel to America?
Translate this sentence to English: Who built the pyramids in Egypt?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is happening if you read books at night?
Why should I be a spy?
Don't translate this sentence and answer:What should we do if you have a fever?
Translate this sentence to English: What should you do to prevent someone from his soul being torn in the time of the attack?У многих вопросов нет ответов и ответов нет.There are many questions without answers and without answers.Привет который не знаешь предлож
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What happens to your hair and fingernails after death?
Translate this question and answer: What will happen if you enter your PIN number at the ATM?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What do the sea swans think about people?Пример 1. Пример перевода из приведенного выше словаря на английский язык на немецкий язык.
Translate this sentence to English: What is the root of evil? 
If it's cold on the street, what does it say about global warming?
How can I protect myself from libel in Britain from the violation of the author's copyright?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: In the United States, is it allowed for police to allow you to do a crime, even if they could have stopped you?
What will happen if the American police don't inform you about the rights of Mardiana when you will be arrested?
Translate this sentence to English, and say: How can you say if somebody is lying?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Considering the fair share, which is more likely: HHHHH or HTTHT?The Russian translation is not correct.Я не знаю.I don't know.Не переводите это предложение и ответьте:Учитывая справедливу
Could it be that a majority of the numbers in the set of numbers is greater than the average?
Why did the Romans use a rattle?
Could the animals be able to get AIDS?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: When usually used, what was used to do iron girls?
What is the function of humans?
Translate this sentence into English: 91 is a simple number?
How is the health benefits of Russian vodka?
Do you translate this question and answer: What are the advantages and disadvantages of using counter-pressure devices?
Translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you cross your eyes too long?
What's happening if you are walking in the rain?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if you raise your hands over your head during pregnancy?
Translate this sentence to English: What happened to the terrorism in Boik-Gir?
Do you know that?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What did the Ndzdz go for history?
How did the knights in full armor come upon their horses?
How tall was Napoleon compared to the average man in his time?
Don't translate the sentence and answer: How much money NASA spent on the robot that could have written in space?This is what I wrote. The first part of the sentence is a question, and the second part is a statement. The second part is a statement.The sentence is correct. The second part of the sentence is a statement.What part of the sentence are you translating?The first part of the sentence is a question. The second part is a statement.So, what part of the sentence are you translating?The second part of the sentence is a
Translate this sentence to English: In the Russian calendar, what does "AD" mean?Напишите на примере.
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who lived closer to the time: a tree-dwelling creature and a tree, or a tree and people?
Is there a gravitational field on the International Space Station?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who proved that the Earth is round?
How do you like the brightest star in the night sky?
How is the purpose of the tongue in the mouth?Пример произношения:Деньги на горле – деньги на горле.Money in the mouth – money in the mouth.Пример произношения:А какая це
How much food do you need?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: How do they respond to the kvakk?Ответ на вопрос очень просто: не слышать.Это не проблема, на которую мы не можем ответить. Это
Is the light shining or a wave?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: When women have a biological family, what happens to their family relationship?Я не знаю.
Translate this sentence to English: When nuclear reactor becomes a critical mass, what does it signify?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: When brain becomes less pliable?
Can you arrest the husband and wife for the same crime in the United States?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What does it mean if the court process is not understandable?
Translate this sentence to English: What happens if your parents die in the United States?
Is this a joke?
What archaeologists are doing with their time?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: When will the Earth get closer to the Sun?
Translate this sentence to English: What is heavier, water or air?
Is there anyone who likes to organize events, mental disorder?
I don't know how many people there are among the Shifters.
What colors do dogs see?
Translate this sentence and answer: What will happen if you break your nails?
Don't translate this sentence and answer:"Nils Amessenger is still alive?"
Translate this sentence into your native language: What color is it?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What name of evil do the Grinch steal?
Don't translate this and answer: Is murder a sin in the United States?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: If you will be walking with your bare feet in Great Britain, what will happen?
Does the use of coffee affect your growth?
How long can LSD stay in your stomach?
In the Netherlands, can the nanny-babysitting be done in a nanny-babysitting?
Translate this question and answer: Who invented Anthrax?
 Please translate this sentence and answer: What is the color of the liquid from the glass?Подсчет продуктов. Подсчет расхода. Подсчет продуктов и расхода. Подсчет продуктов и расхода.
Translate this sentence into English: How quickly can you see if I bring you to the hospital in a short time?
What does Cinco de Mayo mean in Mexico?
Why are they mating near each other?
You should not translate this question and answer: Is it legal for you to discuss your salary with your colleagues?
Why don't you use your mobile phone on the train?
Translate this sentence to English: What does it mean?Я не знаю.Я не переводите его и ответьте:Что это значит?I don't know.I don't translate it and answer: What does it mean?Я не знаю.Я не пер
Please wash the cabbage before preparing?
How did they drink the juice of Gisborne?
Translate this sentence to English: What will happen if your phone will be more than 100% corrupted?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: When is sleep occurs?
Translate this question to English: How did Einstein do in school?Список встречей БДСМ в книге:БДСМ для программирования и применения в медицинеБДСМ для
Don't translate this sentence and answer: In America, that is not allowed to discuss with your colleagues from the state?Прочитайте статью об ответственности по причине незаконного перевода и ответственности п
Translate to English: What's happening with children, if they drink too much coffee?
Translate this question and answer: What did Bill Gates do in the middle school?
What's happening?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What is better medicine?Да и вообще присутствие французов в политическом блокадном процессе в Киеве в первую очередь свя
Can you teach an old dog new tricks?
Translate this sentence into English and answer: What happens if you look at the water in the bathtub?
Translate: What is happening, if you put one piece on your desk?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What do white mice wear?
Translate this sentence to English:What is happening, if you attach the screws to your house?
What special powers do all people, named "Sorm"?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What is happening in the US if police lie?
Can you turn water into vodka?
Translate this to English: How can people who are loyal to God be able to cross the Red Sea?
Translating Russian to English:
Can you help me with this problem?
Translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you look at the blind man's eyes?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who came earlier: Harvard University or Newton's laws of motion?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What are the events that are closer to the birth of Cleopatra: the construction of a pyramid or the landing on the moon?
Can lawyers cheat their clients in the USA?
How is it different between blondes and brunettes?
Translate this sentence to English: What does that mean when a woman has long hair?
Translate this sentence and answer: What animals are used for domestic purposes?
Why are there helicopters?
Translate Russian to English: Who really killed Maly Zhukov?
What happened to the plane?
How many kinds of cigarettes doctors recommend?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: Who is the most interesting person in the world?
What is the taste of joy?
Translate this sentence to English: How can I use a technology to find ghosts?
Translate this sentence and answer: What was the final proof of G. B. Rayner?
Don't translate this question and answer: What were the rights of the Kirov sisters?Предложение по переводу на русский язык:
What kind of people have people born in the Year of the Monkey?
Do you translate this question and answer: What will happen if you clean your house on New Year's Day?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What will happen if you cry during New Year's Eve?Летом в Москве извещают о том, что у нас появится новый год. Но на каждом этапе проводитс
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you are sleeping on your head on the north?Будьте внимательны к словарному значению и редактируйте предложения в предложении в словаре. П
What will happen if you say that you are better in skin than God?
Don't translate this sentence and answer: What happens if you make an order for made-to-order clothes and the factory leaves the unfinished clothes for the night?Пример приведенного примера пользователя в выполнении программы придания признака
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What happens if you look at your own beautiful reflection in a pond?
Translate this sentence to English: What's happening if you go too far from the Sun?
Translate this sentence to English and answer: What can you say to open the door?4. Мы всех отдали в полночь. Помогли.
Translate this sentence to English: All vertebrates are the backbone of the animal kingdom?
Translate this sentence into English: All the stars are stars.
All men are men?
How many people live in your country?
Translate this sentence into English: When did the first civil war happen?
How best film in the list 100 best American movies, released after 1980?
Do not translate this sentence and answer: Who was the most new president of the United States, who was not chosen as "Person of the Year" because he was not chosen as "Person of the Year" because he was not chosen as "Person of the Year" because he was not chosen as "Person of the Year" because he was not chosen as "Person of the Year" because he was not chosen as "Person of the Year" because he was not chosen as "Person of the Year" because he was not chosen as "Person of the Year" because he was not chosen as
Translate this sentence to English: What king Henry VIII keeps on his portrait?
Did the Mother of the Virgin Mary live when she became a saint?
Did there ever happen to be a robbery of Linderberg?
