What's happening with you, if you eat the milk of the Caucasus?
Where did the fire start?
Why do the veins appear black?
What is the most simple part of chili pepper?
How long is it necessary to wait before filing the missing person's report?
Why do red-haired moths have red wings?
What percentage of brain does a person use?
What if someone hit you with a shoe from the top of the building of the tsar's state?
What state makes the most fur?
Why do they change the color of the kalemans?
 In which day was the official declaration of independence signed?
How bright does the sun shine from the surface of the earth?
Who wrote the song "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"?
What is happening if the earthworm splits into two halves?
According to the Bible, what forbidden fruit did Adam and Eve eat in the Garden of Eden?
Was it scientifically proven that MSG is harmful in small doses?
What's happening if you go out in the cold in the morning with wet hair?
How long does it take to swim between a swim and a dive?
What is happening if you drink the water?
What advantages do eggplant have in the day?
Why are you not allowed to sit next to the television?
 What are the precise words the Queen of England speaks in the film 1937 "Winter White and Six Soldiers"?
What's Darth Vader saying to Luke in "Empire Strikes Back"?
 What did Paul Revere tell the US Army during his midnight ride to warn the British military about the approaching British army?
On what he was relying on when he said: "I am not the King"
Who said: 'Please allow them to eat a salad?'
Who said: "Only dead people saw the end of war?"
What are the names of the words that Alexander Arzamasov said on the moon?
What is Doria saying when he reaches Ozzie in "The Wizard of Oz"?
Who said: "Impossible is doing the same thing again and again and expecting different results?"
Who wrote the statement: "You can't find life, avoiding life"?
Really, do people actually landed on the moon in 1969?
What is the airport at Dubai?
What's the meaning of Area 51?
Which largest animal that lives in Lo-Ness?
What did the Russian government do in 2012?
Where is Bilefeld?
Where is the body of Victor Dinsmore?
Where was Barack Obama born?
 What kind of object did the explosion happen to Russel during the incident?
What is the composition of the planes that are still on the sky?
What is your name?
What is happening if you break the mirror?
What's happening if you go under the bridge?
What's going to happen if you cross the road with the black dog?The Russian translation is a little bit different. The word 'пересечить' ('perestroit') is not translated. It is replaced by 'пересеть' ('perestat') and the word 'чёрная' ('chary') is replaced by 'чёрный' ('chary') and the word 'кошка' ('kosh
What will happen if you open the towel in the room?
What will happen if you find and take the song?
What's the meaning of a scarlet letter?
How does the position of the Sun at birth have any effect on the person's personality?
If you were born in the South of the Sun, what does this mean?
What's happening with your computers, if you're lying?
How can one protect oneself from being accused of witchcraft if you suspect someone is a witch in the real world?
What's the function of the tongue of a monkey?
Where can you find a true psyche?
How does the planet on the tree Oujia move?
 How can dead people be used to contact with living?
Where can one see ghosts?
Could someone have evil powers?
Why are you using a crossbow?
What is the true ability of the Esperantist?
What is going on if you are drawing a square?
How many detective stories are living in London in real life?
In real life, how far would you go to get to London?
In real life, who lives in 4 Privet Drive?
Are there any ghosts living in the West?
Where can you find the vampires in the USA?
When should one look out for the vampires?
What are vampires?
Can you become a vampire?
How many dragons are left in the world?
Who is calling me?
Who will you see if you visit 123 Sesame Street?
Were there any easy targets in the Middle Ages?
Who is faster in real life, a mouse or a snake?
What's happening with the river that floats up and down on the Yellow River?
Why is it bad to give a brain to the stomach?
Is it good for the dogs to cook?
What is happening, if a person sees the full moon?
What is reasonable defense, if you suspect someone is a witch in real life?
Why are the grapes not allowed to grow?
What is happening if you enter the Secret Room and state the location?
What is life like if you are in a storage room?
What will happen if you see a sword, stuck in a stone and you pull it out?
What's happening if you drink a bottle of water with a note "Drink me"?
 What are the rules for the arts of the present time?
Did the people of the Sun come closer to the Sun?
What's happening with the coaches in the morning?
What happened to the biggest blue butterfly, that was ever seen?
Is there any lava that can burn?
Pretty much, most of the time they are sitting on the floor
Can you save the people who were captured by the wolf?
What's going on if you push the button on the steering wheel?
What's happening if a woman is tickling a man?
What's happening with your nose, if you are talking nonsense?
What are the consequences of red shoes?Даже мы не знаем, как это можно сделать.Even we don't know, how it's possible to do.Мы не знаем, как это можно сделать.We don't know how it's possible to do.Мы
How would a nice curls turn out when they grow?Какими становятся некрасивые качели, когда они вырастают?Какими становятся некрасивые качели, когда он
What is happening if you go to the gym?
What kind of creature was the adopted child raised by wolves?
Could the meteorite really be alive?
Who is it who is collecting the teeth, placed under the cap?
You are an artist?
You are a person?Пример 4. Примеры описания как представителя по словам и образцам букв и абзацев могут быть использованы
What kind of animal is it?
What is your favorite color?
Do you want to be conscious?
How do you know the answers to my questions?
How many people are in your family?
Who are you?
What should I do?
Will this conversation be kept confidential?
How much does it cost to answer each question?
Who is the current President of the United States?
How much time do you need right now?
How many years ago did Go first defeat professional Go player?И он выдержал последующий соревнование в Go.And he won a subsequent Go tournament.После этого он продолжал свою работу в облас
How long has Barack Obama been President of the United States?
Who won the presidential elections in 2032?
Where is the road to go?
How old are you, so you can buy alcohol?
Is it a drug?
Is it legal for a soldier to have a machine gun?
In what age can you speak?
How big is the university in the country?
Where is the nearest shopping mall?
How long does it take to travel across the country?
Can you drink water from the water bucket?
What are the levels of criminality in this area?
What is the largest city in the United States which is not located on an oceanic body of water?
Who is the richest man in the world, who did not finish secondary school?
What is the most popular grain in the United States, that is not a letter 'C'?
What is the biggest city in the United States with one word in its name?
How small is the smallest country in the world with a square kilometer area not more than one square kilometer?
What is the largest European city that doesn't accept the government?
 What was the worst war in which the USA did not participate?
What is the biggest living animal that is only plant?
What is the most valuable chemical element in the Mainstream of the Blood Stream?
What is the most widely used language in the world, which is not official language of the USA?
Who is famous person with the sun?
Who is the famous man from the Galapagos Islands?
What do everyone think, that it is the best and the most delicious?
What is the most effective way of managing?
Who would agree to make the best cars?
In which football club is it said that there are the best players?
Who is the best basketball player of all time?
Who is the best guitarist?
What's the best place on Earth?
How nice that the cat asks you his name?
How long do they hold the bullets?
What is the purpose of a vehicle for driving?
What's the most popular TV show on Earth?
What the best beer in the world?
What is the favorite airline in the world?
What can you give me to drink?
 What is the only company that allows you to save money and live better?
How was the creation of the sun and the stars?
Could someone be born from a cow?
How long did it take to create the world?
What are the consequences of the bribe?
Could people turn into bottles?
Who was the first person?
Who was the first woman, who lived or ever lived?
All Muslims are Muslims?
Are all Christians Christians?
Could you be a Christian, and if so, how?
Are all the Jews really Jews?
All women?
All dogs are dogs?
All numbers are real numbers?
What is common among all Millennials?
What's the difference between British people?
What's right for all French people?
What does the term "characteristic" mean?
Why is French bad breath?
Why are the British bad teeth?По учебникам английского языка слова приведены в следующих порядках:Слова приведены в следующих п
What's the country where so many people play video games?
What is the country where most people love to play cards?
What is ethnic group, where people love dance?
 What is ethnic group? Where each one likes to do some special actions?
What is going on if someone hears that someone else is singing?
What words do all lawyers use?
How many words are used to describe all the dealers of automobiles?
What unusual dishes do Chinese people enjoy?
Will climate change necessarily lead to the death of people?
Are they showing evidence that Trump won because of the media influence?
The skills in sports help you to make you more intelligent in school?
Music helps with thinking.This is a simple example of a Russian sentence in English.The second example uses the same structure as the first, but the verb "to think" is replaced with "to learn".The third example is a sentence in Russian. The verb "to learn" is replaced with "to translate".The fourth example is a sentence in Russian. The verb "to translate" is replaced with "to learn".The fifth example is a sentence in Russian. The verb "to learn" is replaced with "to translate".The sixth example is a sentence
If they are going to learn very hard, who could anyone get to the University?
Doing foreign languages training improves your critical thinking?
There are strong scientific evidence that the nursery garden has a significant impact on the development of children.
Better do you have a bigger portion of the time?
Is there any strong evidence that moderate use of alcohol is good for health?
Are the same chemical compounds the same for both?
Is this a reduction of carbohydrates and a decrease in insulin?
Is there any strong scientific evidence that breast feeding makes babies smarter?
Could you get used to the drug after trying it once?
How can I relax fast if I drink too much?
What firemen do with houses with controversial books?
What are the moustaches of the bears when they fight in the wild?
Is it always a dog?
Every dog is a dog?Социальные сети:Социальные сети:Социальные сети:Социальные сети:Социальные сети:Социальные сети:
Are there any cats that are not cats?
What's happening if you're walking on cracks on the road?
Why would I mention McCarthy in the theatre?
Why do they use the doll?
What can you do with the true name of a person?
What is happening if you stop the devil's monsters?
How long have you been at DeepMind?
What is the current market cap of Apple?
Could you just say the truth?
How long does it take to learn how to fish goldfish?
What does it mean when a cat hides?
Who is the director of «Return of the Jedi»?
Is there scientific agreement that nuclear energy is less safe than other sources of energy?
People learn faster when information is presented in their preferred style of learning (visual, auditory, kinesthetic, or cognitive)?
How much of that they read, people remember?
What will happen if the students' classes are being filmed?
What's going on, if you go after 8 pm?
How can I lose weight in my stomach?
Could they test the blood for the presence of drugs?
What is happening with the ships passing through the bend of the Berdyansk?
What happened to Paul McCartney 9 November 1966?
What happened to Aravi Lavine?
What did Saerre do to Mörk?
Does your farm use fungicides?
What's happening with the sea turtles, if they stop swimming?
What is the biggest desert in the world?
In the middle ages, what scientists thought about the shape of Earth?
Is there a difference between Left and Right Brain?
How many neurons in the human brain?
On what is it really at issue?
Does Tedy have a secret identity?
Who really caused 9/11?
What will happen if you see one magp?
How are the effects of the circle of salt?
What company makes the best sniper rifle can man get?
What is happening if you are standing before the mirror and you say "Krysha Marya" three times?
How does butter influence children?
What's happening if you ask about the bird?
What would happen if the Earth were 10 times closer to the Sun or further from it?The Russian translation is better than the English one.The Russian translation is better than the English one.Я не знаю.Я не знаю.I don't know.I don't know.Что бы произошло, если бы Земля была н
Who was the first, Acropolis or Oxford University?
Is there any country where anime is popular?
Are there foods with a low fat content and healthier than foods with a high fat content?
Is the blue cheese healthier than white cheese?
What are their agricultural desires?
Are there any "open air" bathrooms?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
Do they ever pass through Germany when it's dark?
Illegal in South Korea?
What will happen if you turn the map to the Tarratian War, showing the death of your father?
What did General Gan Dzong say about the changes in the world?
Who said: "Our deepest fear is that we are going to lose our freedom, our liberty, our ability to choose and to make our own decisions"?
Who said that sometimes sgir - just a sgir?
Who is famous for saying: "I can't do it"?
What did Mark Tuan say about false statements he made about his death?
In what kind of object are the Asians better than everyone else?
What does science say about the flight of the jumbo jet?
What is higher: the number of people alive today or the number of people who died in the past?
Based on the results of any tests that you have, are you healthy?
Did they bury the bodies in the water tank in the morgue?
What do you think is better in a kitchen?
How often can a dog die?
Where are the roads going?
Could the ring or the sword be more useful in physical combat?
Could a goose fly?
Could the gunfire be heard on the other side of the world?
How many types of people can die a lot?
What's happening if you give a person enough socks?
Did he blow the rocket twice in one place?
Would they have died if they were old soldiers?
In the US, laws are written differently for rich and poor people?
What's happening if you say Devil?
What's going on if you put a bucket of water on your back?
How is the type of cancer that kills most women in the US?Написать пример:Пример:Пример:Пример:Пример:Пример:Пример:Пример:Пример:Пример:Прим
Is it the same, the same as the same thing that the chest pain is?
What's going on if you wake somebody up?
Could a human mammary gland grow back after complete estrogen withdrawal?
Were there characters from the 'Vineyard' series of books designed to represent various psychological disorders?
What is happening if you drink the plastic?
Could you please use the test with one question for identification of psychopathy?
It was wrong to translate "The Grapes of Wrath" as "The Angry Raisins" in Japan?
Should be done in the event of sternoclavicular joint?
Could it be that a simple soup may cure your headache?
What do people think of the best country?
Could heart attack be effectively staved off by cold?
Can it be possible to identify the age of the child's heart?Вот на заметку от нашего профессионального специалиста в области прикладного права и правового пра
What's happening if you pull out your hair?
What's happening if you press the buttons on your plate in a vertical direction?
Maybe your muscles will turn into fat if you don't do exercises?
How often do violent criminals suffer from psychological problems?
Is there any food that all the French have for breakfast?
Is there any kind of music that all Koreans like to listen to?
 Did most of the Korean women have plastic surgery?
What's going on if you look at the old light?
What's going on? If you touch the bed, what will happen?
Well, what about positive numbers?
What's happening if you're wearing a scarf from a fur coat?
 What kind of law is it that scientists are conducting experiments to destroy his ego?
How are the fundamental principles of human psychology established by E. Kudlakova experiments?
How did the article by Uwe E. Wiehe and colleagues in the Lancet respond to the Lancet article on addiction by Wiehe et al.
What was the psychological law that was finally established by the famous study of Bar, in which participants were programmed to stereotypes of elderly people?
How did the scientific phenomenon of the 'feeling the future' (the future of the future) was established?
Americans drink more coffee than people in other countries?
Where do people drink less alcohol than in Mexico?
How do you consume more coffee than Americans?
Americans drink more beer than people in any other country?
In France less wine than in France
How much alcohol is consumed in Russia in general, than in the average of the population?
How much alcohol is consumed in Italy, compared to Spaniards?
Did Americans work more than a day during the time period?
People in the USA are spending more time on work than in the past?
Are people working more in California than before?
Americans work less than people in other wealthy countries?
What are the Canadian people doing less hours than Mexicans?
How many countries work more hours than Mexicans?
Where are the people who work less than Germans?
People in the United States are paid more vacation than people in any other country.
The U.S. government's income is less equal than people in some countries.
Is Japan's population more wealthy than in the United States?
People are richer in Japan than in any other place.
 Americans make less money than people in any other country?Страница: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97
Where are the taxes on income much higher than in California?
Where are the people who have a high-quality general medical care?
Is it more education in Europe than in America?Пример 3: Образование в России и США
British people are higher than in any other place?
What states have more malnutrition than the West?
How are the more delicate people in Britain compared to the United States?
How developed countries have lower BMI, than Great Britain?
At sunset on Sunday, most Italians do what they do?
The majority of Italians are Catholics?
 All Mexicans are members of some church?
Among the people in India, each person is a member of a religion?
What religion do most of the people in New York follow?
Most of the people in South Korea are Christians?
In the average American you are more educated than in any other place?
Why is Scotland part of England?
Why are Northern Ireland part of England?
Why Ireland is a part of Great Britain?
Why is Ireland a part of England?
Why Canada is a part of Great Britain?
Why is part of Argentina in England?
 Some countries in the EU, such as France and Belgium, speak French. How do other countries that speak French speak?
Why Turkey in the EEC?
Why is Russia a member of the European Union?
Why is Papa Italian?
How are the wealthy countries of Europe doing economically?
How are the rich countries of the South America doing in GDP per capita?
How many American men are gay?
How many men are open about their homosexuality?
How much of the Canadians are direct?
How do you think the prices of products have changed in Europe?
Didn't it become much more difficult for Americans to live in the 1950s?
 What happened to the availability of food products in America in the last decade?
What happened to the availability of food and drink in the United Kingdom in the 1950s?
How has poverty in Africa changed over time?
How much is the maximum that a person can have fully photographic memory?
 How many people have an absolute tone?
Illegal to travel to the United Kingdom if you are carrying what?
Who doesn't allow you to marry in Britain?
How to get divorced in California?
Illegally marry someone from another country?
Marriage to a French citizen is illegal in France?
Can you get married to your brother's son in Australia?
Who is more inclined to have a family with his brothers and sisters or with his parents?Translate Russian to English:
In the United States it is illegal to do something with the flag?
What is wrong with the flag of Britain?
What items are allowed to be carried into the US?
What kind of items can be legally shipped to Canada?
What books are banned in Ireland?
What music is it illegal in the United Kingdom?
What albums are banned in the US?
What kind of recordings are banned in the United Kingdom?
What laws are there about children's injuries in Britain?
Can people in California kill their children?
On what was the first constitution of the United States written?
 Laws about the legal foreign trade in the USA demand that all companies adopt, that is, pay the tariffs.
How much should British companies pay to Russian companies?
What is this illegal to do with the Canadian flag?
What clothing is illegal in the USA?
Are some forms of clothing illegal in the United Kingdom?Описание контекстуальных ошибок:
What is happening if you are flying under the flag of the USA at night?
You can be prosecuted for DUI in the United States in what conditions?
In what situations is it necessary to hire an attorney in the US?
In what circumstances do you need to contact an attorney in England?
What is the origin of the word 'f' in English?
What is the origin of the word "crap"?
What does it mean to write "Christmas" instead of "Christmas"?
What did the word "grog" come from?
In which countries is it legal?
Where in Asia is there wild marijuana?
Where can you use magic mushrooms legally in America?Магические грибы и магические камни приводят к тому, что человек владеет магическими знаниями и мож
What is the origin of the word "shit"?
What is the origin of the word "420" as a slang term for cannabis?
What word is "Ester" connected with a saint?
What origin of negative word "wop" for Italians?
What is the word "chav" in English?
Why is it used initially?
What is a word for "three"?
Where does the word "Toad" come from?
Why are dollars called "batteries"?
Where was the word "pro" originally placed?
Where did she get the phrase "all eleven moons"?
What is SOS?
How many cities have more water than Seattle?
How many cities have less damage than Boston?
In which cities is the snow more than in Monterrey?
London receives more rain than any large city
How is the weather in Paris compared to New York?
How many winters are there in London against New-York?
Where is the word "farmed" coming from?
How is it to sleep?
What is the name of this medicine that works against the insomnia?
What is the best medical device to make yourself look pale?
How can men prevent premature aging?
What does "ADIDAS" mean?
What does "WEKI" mean
On what the word originally meant?
What does "naff" mean in English?
Who invented the Internet?
Who first launched Tesla Motors?
She is an American artist and author. Her name is Hilaria. Who is she?
What's his name?
That American is a businessman, who is associated with the Roqueforte brothers and is interested in politics. His name is "Eloi" what?
The name "Elo" what is it?
What is his name?
Donald Trump
Donald Trump is a name that I don't know.
The Boston Celtics have a very rich history and a deep affiliation with the Irish American community in Boston.
How is the developing country consuming so much more food than the United States?
Are there any developed countries that eat more beef than Americans do, or are Americans the biggest beef consumers in the world?
How many people in a country eats a ton of butter on a person, but little butter?
Where is the food more popular than anywhere else?
What large countries spend more on international tourism?
New York City has much fewer international visitors in a year than some cities.
How do big cities get more international visitors than Paris?
Does 20% of Americans have passports?
How are books banned in France?
What books are still banned in Canada?
What books are banned in New Zealand?
What books are still banned in California?
What books are still banned in Spain?
What examples of films that remain banned in the UK?
What films are still banned in Australia for what they do to offend?
What films are still banned in France?
What movies are banned in Canada for violence?
What are some video games that were banned in New Zealand?
What kinds of activities are fully legal in the Netherlands?
What kinds of activities are completely legal in Germany?
Is there any more books that are forbidden by the law in England? What are they?
Where are people drinking in the average larger quantity than in Russia?
Where are the people who drink more than French people?
What kind of example is it, where people drink more in Spain than in Italy?
How do countries with less firearms to the people's mind than Australia?
How many countries have the ability to produce more weapons after the United States?
Which countries have the best PISA scores in 2015?
Where the most laureates of the Nobel Prize have been?
In which country is the greatest number of Nobel Prize winners in the field of science?
18% of the Nobel Prizes have been awarded to people from a particular ethnic group?
Did the Jews or the Muslims win more Nobel Prizes?
Did some atheists get the Nobel Prize?
Did Iran win the Nobel Prize?
 How are the people from America who won the Nobel Prize in physics?
What is the meaning of people who were born in America, who have won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine?
 What kind of example is there in Britain, which won the Nobel Prize in Physics?
 What are the people from America who won the Nobel Prize for Economics?
What example of American Jewish physicist, who got the Nobel Prize?
What example of British Jewish physics, winning the Nobel Prize?
How has the level of smoking among Americans changed over the years?
 How is the level of mortality for people with cancer in the United States changing over time?
What are the big financial investments without any risk?
How can you invest and ensure that you will win the inflation?
What, in the next year?
What psychological phenomenon was demonstrated scientifically?
What were the paranormal phenomena that were demonstrated in experiments to be real?
 What alternative methods of health care have been demonstrated to be effective by scientific experiments?
What alternative medicine are they now using?
What popular drinks were scientifically proven to prolong your life for many years?
How many foods were proven to prolong your life for many years?
What diet was scientifically proven to work for everyone, who is trying to lose weight?
Why were the letters "NIKE" first placed there?
What can people do?
What's wrong with people?
What is the purpose of our planet?
How unique and special is our Sun's Solar System?
What music are still illegal in France?
What films are still banned in the Netherlands?
What is the encryption algorithm used to encrypt the information?
How many alien spacecraft have been shown to the world?
Why the government lies about that the aliens are ships?
Why did scientists deny the truth that aliens are extraterrestrials?
What kind of example would a rational person say that he or she is an alien?
 What kind of information was presented about the alien beings in the LOR?
What even scientists admit about crystals and energy?
If the stock market has risen over the last two decades, what we know now will be what happens in the next fifteen years?
 If Bitcoin rose to $1,000 per coin in the last ten years, what we know will happen in the next ten years?
 If silver has risen in price over the last ten years, what do we know about what will happen in the next ten years?
 If the price of property has risen by 20 percent over the last twelve years, what do we know that we can expect in the next twelve years?
If the Foundation made large profits every year for the past ten years, what we know with certainty is that the Foundation?
If an American investor receives 15% of his profits for ten years, what can we do about this?
What happened to the availability of energy products in Canada from 1970 to 1970?
What happened to the availability of technology in the US from 1990 to the present?
Did the more accessible products of the middle class become more available for the average American from 1960 to the early 1980s?
How are some other countries in the European Union doing with their oil reserves?
What is the European Union, where most people are Muslims?
In France everybody speaks French. In America everyone speaks English.
In France they speak French. In England they speak English.
In France people speak French. In America speak English.
What language are people in Europe speaking?
How do they speak in all English?
How are they speaking in Chinese?
How can all Jews speak Russian?
How can all Muslims speak Arabic?
How can the Spaniards speak?
On which language do all Americans speak?
What's the truth, that Africa is the poorest country?
In the United States you pay dollars, but in Germany, France and Switzerland you pay with money?
If you're going to France and Denmark, you need to change your dollars into euros?
In order to go to Germany and Norway, what do you need to change?
If you visit Germany and Scandinavia, you need to change money?
What can you do to your child in France?
What does it mean if you are in Tukhachevo?
In Australia, you absolutely must hire a lawyer in any situation?
What films are yet banned in the USA?
How can I get an ideal score on SAT?
In America there are far fewer people with malnutrition than in any other countries?
How rich countries have less cancer than Ireland?
Switzerland has more people with diabetes than any other wealthy nation.
China has more malnutrition than any other country in the world.
Is there more malnutrition in Mexico than in Ireland?
 Are we spending only a small portion of the federal budget on foreign assistance to poor nations?
Former mayor and well-known businessman, who worked in the field of technology and has four children.
Bilbo Baggins, the famous inventor and businessman who never finished college, but founded a huge company. His name "Bilbo" what?
How can birds be so smart? How can people?
How can animals add numbers like people?
How can animals learn to speak so well as a human?
If you grow up as a human, what is your future?
If you teach a monkey to do something, what will it learn?
Well, it's true that not one of the birds has been free to use English.
What's the weather in Paris compared to France?
How is New York in comparison to Rome?
How February in Amsterdamm compared to Amsterdam?
What's her name?
Where is the nearest river?
Where is the Sun on the Earth? It never shines at all?
Where ever the rain stops is never a good time.
What city is the most famous for its vocabulary?
Where is the worst time of the day?
Where is the air every day?
Where ever the snow doesn't stop.
What did you do to your opinion?
What is the truth about the world that only you and your parents know?
What is truth about the world, about which you personally know, that is absolutely beyond any doubt?
What is your opinion about the people who have doubts?
On what do you agree with your friends?
How do you look at that, what you and your wife don't agree about?Ответ по приведенной информации:Я знаю, что по вашему взгляду мы не согласны. Но если вы пре
What is that, what the majority of people believe, but you have seen for yourself? You are wrong?
How can you believe that you saw with your own eyes?
 What are you doing?
What is the truth that you believed earlier but now you are sure that it is true?
What is the basis of the claim that the government is lying to us?
What lies do they try to hide from us?
How big is the biggest lie that they always press us?
What is the truth, that rich people don't acknowledge, but everyone knows that it is true?
What are they talking about in the Far East?
What's the truth, which everyone in Canada knows, is true?
What is the truth about the world, which all women know?
Now there are scientific proofs that some people can learn that during sleep?
If you think and dream about something long and difficult, what will happen?Последние сообщения:Запись от 02.06.2014, 22:51:Сообщение # 9 Путешественник Альпинист Постов: 2 Статус: Offline
Artists have shown that they receive their ideas from what?
Was it shown that all the rock stars get their ideas from what?
How did the artists of the 1960s become so creative and original?
We know that visionaries got their ideas from what?
What can you learn about the future from your dreams?
If you have a dream, that you will succeed in the future, what will happen after this?
If you are dreaming about something and you are trying to do it, will it be successful?
What are you doing now?
 Are you going to the bars only on Saturday nights?
You meet with your partner only in the weekends?
You will only play your children when they really are bad?
You are only an assassin for self-defense?
You work hard when your friend is nearby?
You're just a lie, when you can leave him?
What is on your head right now?
What's the next step for Tommy Hough?
What is the next step for Willem Smeets?
What's the point of Anna Di Giacomo?
What next for Jennifer Aniston?
What's the next step for Niko Kedmak?
Leonardo DiCaprio has a meeting with whom?
Jennifer Aniston is meeting with whom?
Anna Johnson is acquainted with whom?
What is the meaning of this fact that only the good Christians know?
What's the truth in the world, which only good people know?
How did the government of the United States hide its policy from the public?
What is the truth about the scientists?
What is truth, that scientists try to hide it?
What is truth that everyone knows?
What is truth, that only Trump's followers know?
What is the truth that only the true Christians know?
What's the truth, only Svetof knows?
How can you protect yourself from accusations of defamation in the United States?
What vaccines do you regularly change?
Could the algorithm of machine learning be reversible?
How is the algorithm of machine learning most effective in each situation?
 How do you get police in the USA to give you fake identification?
Could diabetes have candy?
Can computers from Apple be infected with viruses?
What is happening in the US, what is happening to your income tax, if your income is increasing?
What's happening if you put a fish in the pot with water and slowly increase the heat?
How many teeth do men have, compared to women?
How many teeth are there in a person?
How many fingers does a person have?
What are you doing?
What's happening with the hibiscus?
 What conditions can be cured by drinking the pumice stone?
What conditions can be cured by drinking the blood of the rat?
What will happen if one of the slaps bounces off the wall?
 What objects did Einstein throw out of the school?
How should one deal with the deadly snake?
How are the cows attacked?
What is happening if birds eat rotten fish?
What happens if you go to sleep with a heated towel?
What's with the blood of some person?А какая информация о программе выполнения этого проекта общается?Какая тема программы выполняется на
What kind of blood do good managers make?
What will happen if you're near the microwave?
What kind of car is capable to say who is lying?
Where did the first pilgrims arrive?
What foods cause type 1 diabetes?
What do you prefer to eat?
How much does a person feel?
What color is the box on the airplane?
In the United States, what is happening, if you turn on the headlights during driving?
What is the song "Puff the Magic Dragon" ?И все это не случайность!And this is not a coincidence!Так вот, после очередного поиска по сети найдено подарка для вас:
What are the Nazis doing when they are threatened by them?
What did Sasha Palazhna say about Russia during the presidential campaign in 2008?
How are these conditions caused by the use of aspirin?Из приведенного различия можно вывести основные причины связанных с нарушением приведенных правил в
What is the perfect death?
What is the only factor that contributes to success?
 How are American constitutional rights violated when a private employer fires you for posting on Facebook about your vaccine safety?
How many planets are in our Solar System?
What did the propaganda release?
What should be taken for viral infection?
Which country won the second world war?
Who married Pekhone?
Who first made the American flag?The above is a very common question in Russia. It is not uncommon for people to ask this question in English as well.The answer is simple: it is all about the first flag.The first flag of the United States of America was the Stars and Stripes. It was designed by the famous American patriot, Francis Hopkinson, and it was adopted on July 4, 1776 by the Second Continental Congress.The flag has since been a symbol of freedom and independence for Americans.The flag is also a symbol of the United States of
What happened during the first radio broadcast "War of the Worlds"?
Who bought the Liza?
Who made the light?
Who is building the railway?
 How were the victims of judicial proceedings about witches Salym?
What colours were the Christian and Roman statues made during their creation?
 What was the size of the force that held the Russian army in Tormoz?
Who led the first European expedition to America?
Who built the pyramids in Egypt?
What's happening if you read books in the dark?
Why is it dangerous to be an official?
What should I do if I have a fever?
What should you do to prevent someone from having their soul stolen during the time of the death?
What's happening with your hair and nails after death?
What will happen if you enter your PIN wrong?
What are the monkeys thinking about people?
What is the Bible saying about the root of evil?
If it is cold on the street, what does it say to us about global warming?
How can you protect yourself from copyright infringements in the UK?
In the United States, has the law allowed police to stop you and even if they could have stopped you, would they have done so?
What will happen if the American police doesn't inform you about the rights of Marianna, when you will be taken into custody?
How can you say if someone speaks a foreign language?
Considering the fair exchange rate, which sequence of coinage losses is more likely: HHHHH or HTTHT?
How many positive numbers can be greater than a middle number?
Why did the Romans use rue?
Could the sharks get cancer?
When they were used to use the metal girls?
Why did people evolve?
91 is a simple number?
 What advantages are there of red beet juice for health?
What are the disadvantages of using the counter-irritants?
What is happening, if you cross your eyes too long?
What's going on if you get out of the house in the cold weather?
What's happening, if you raise your hands while pregnant?
What happened in Buki-Gorin, Kengkut?
 Who was the first person to refuse to be on an American bus?
What were the Nipa people wearing?
How did the knights in full armor get on their horses?
 How much higher Napoleon's height compared to the average man during his time?
How much money NASA spent on the lunar probe that could have written in space?
 What does the calendar mean "AD"?
Who lived closer to the time: the dinosaur and the T-Rex, or the T-Rex and people?
What is the possibility of a collision with the International Space Station?
Who proved that the Earth is round?
What is the most dazzling star on the night sky?
What is the purpose of the penis?
What's the most important food to have in a day?
How do you pronounce the word?
Can the light be a particle or a wave?
When women live together, what happens to their sexual cycle?
What does it mean when the reactor becomes a critical?
When the brain tissue becomes too thin?
Could you arrest the husband and the wife for the same crime in the United States?
What does it mean, if a court case is not just?
What's happening if your parents die in America?
In the United States, may the defendant not be forced to testify against her?
What archeologists are doing most of their time?
When will Earth approach the Sun?
What's the denser, salt water or air?
Are there people who love to organize events, to create mental disorders?
 How many people are there in the witch-hunters?
What do dogs see?
What's going on, if you break the fingers many times?
Alex Renton is still alive?
In what colour?
What name of the devil are the Germans?
Illegal to kill a praying mantis in the US?
What will happen if you go to England barefoot?
How does drinking coffee affect your height?
How long does LSD stay in your bloodstream?
In the Netherlands do you have the right to carry a gun?
Who made the alcohol?
What is that red liquid?
How quickly can you see if you're sent to the hospital in urgent care?
What is Cinco de Mayo in Mexico?
Why do they fight each other for a living?
In the US, is it legal to discuss your salary with colleagues?
Why do you not use your mobile phone on the train?
What does it mean?
It is time to wash the potatoes before preparing?
What kind of drinks did the people of Jonesboro drink to commit mass murder?
What will happen if your phone is stolen more than 100%?
When was the dream in the sleep?
How Einstein made in the middle school?
In the United States, what is not allowed to discuss with your colleagues from the State Duma?
What's going on with the kids, if they drink too much milk?
How did Bill Gates go to the middle school?
What is going on if you count your chickens before they hatch?
What's better medicine?
Could you teach an old dog new tricks?
What is happening if you watch the water in the bathtub?
What is happening if you put one finger on the glass?
What are the white crickets wearing?
What's happening if you tie your curtains to your house?
What special rights do all people named "Strom" have?
What's happening in the USA, if the police lies?
Could you turn vodka into wine?
How can people who believe in God, cross the Red Sea?
I can feel a touch of something wrong with them. I can heal someone from any disease.
Could you cure the language, taking into account their needs?
 What is happening if you look at the blind man's eyes?
 Who came earlier: Harvard University or Newton's laws of motion?
What happened closer to the birth of Cleopatra: building of a pyramid or the landing on the moon?
Could attorneys be sued for their clients' names in the USA?
How is the difference between the blondes and brunettes?
What does it mean when a woman has short hair?
What animals do the Australians have as pets?
Why are these helicopters used?Пример: Я не знаю.
Who actually committed the murder of Malyuev?
What actually happened with the flight 007?
What kinds of cigarettes doctors recommend?
Who is the most interesting person in the world?
How does the perfume smell?
What kind of technology can you use to find ghosts?
How did the final proof of Dr. B. Ramsey's theory be established?
What powers did their mothers have?
What kind of people do people have born in the year of the Goat?
What is happening, if you clean your house in New Year's Day?
What's happening if you're sick during New Year's Eve?
What is happening if you are sitting on the northern side of the hill?The Russian is more formal than the English.Я не знаю.
What will happen if you claim that you are better in skin condition than God?
What's happening if the manufacturer of the shoes leaves them unfinished for the night?
What's happening if you look at your own beautiful reflection in the water?
What's happening if you're too close to the Sun?
What can you say to open the door?
All animals are the anus?
All stars are stars?
All people are people?
How large is the population of the country?
When was the last time there was a revolution?
 What is the best movie in the 100 best American movies of the last 100 years, which was released before 1980?
 Who was the most recent US president chosen as the "Person of the Year"?
What is the King of Greece holding on his portrait?
Was it Mater Theodora when she became the saint?
Was there ever a time when the Lindbergh kidnapping was decided?
