What happens to you if you eat the seeds of the Caucasus?
Where did the cookies come from?
Why do veins look blue?
What is the hottest part of chili pepper?
How long should I wait for the application to be submitted on the missing without a trace?
Why matadors wave red hats?
What percentage of the brain does a human usually use?
What would happen if a pen, launched from the top of the building of the imperial state, hit you?
What state in the USA is the largest producer of peaches?
Why do chameleons change color?
What is the official signing date of the Declaration of Independence?
What color does the sun have if you look at it from space?
Who wrote the song, "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"?
What happens if a earthworm is cut in half?
According to the Bible, which forbidden fruits did Adam and Eve eat in the Garden of Eden?
It was scientifically proven that MSG is harmful to people in small doses?
What happens if you go outside in cold weather with wet hair?
How long should I wait between meals and swimming?
What happens if you swallow the gum?
What are the advantages of eating an apple a day?
Why don't you have to sit next to the TV?
What are the exact words that the queen says to her mirror in the movie of 1937 "Snow White and the Seven Warriors"?
What did Darth Vader say to Luke in "Empire Strikes Back"?
What did Paul Reveresay during his night ride to warn the American militia about the approach of the British army?
What Nixon referred to when he said, "I am not a King."
Who said, "Let them eat cake"?
Who said: "Only the dead have seen the end of war."
What exactly did Neil Armstrong say on the Moon?
What does Dorothy say to Toto when he reaches Oz in "The Wizard of Oz"?
Who said: "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results"?
Who wrote the statement: "You can't find peace by avoiding life"?
Were people really landed on the Moon in 1969?
What's under Denver airport?
What's the meaning of Area 51?
What is the largest animal that lives in Lochnes?
What did CERN do in 2012?
Where is the city of Bielfeld?
Where is Walt Disney's body?
In which country was Barack Obama born?
What object crashed during the incident with Roswell?
What is the composition of the traces of the plane left in the sky?
What type of personality does Libras have?
What happens if you break a mirror?
What happens if you go under a ladder?
What will happen if you cross paths with the black cat?
What will happen if you open an umbrella indoors?
What will happen if you find a penny and pick it up?
What is the meaning of a rabbit's foot?
What is the influence of the Sun position at birth on a person's personality?
If you were born under Saturn, what does that mean for you?
What happens to your belly if you tell a lie?
What is the most reasonable way to protect yourself if you suspect that someone is secretly a witch in real life?
What is the function of a monkey's paw?
Where can we find the real psychology?
What is the Ouija board moving planet?
What methods can people use to contact the dead?
Where can we see real ghosts?
Can a man possess evil spirits?
What can be used for the razor?
What is the real ability of a clairvoyant?
What happens if you draw a five-gramme?
What detectives live on Baker-street in London in real life?
In real life, which station in London I would take to get to Houghton?
In real life, who lives at 4 Privet Drive?
Is there any wizards living in the Western country?
Where can you find vampires in the USA?
When should you watch out for vampires?
What are vampires?
Can you become a vampire?
How many dragons are left in the world?
Who is calling in Not-Dam?
Who will you see if you physically travel to 123 Sesame Street?
Were Unicorns easily caught during the Middle Ages?
Who is faster in real life, a turtle or a snake?
What happens to the salmon which swims up the waterfall on Yellow River?
Why this is a bad idea to give a mouse a cookie?
Is it good to cook a mouse?
What happens if a person sees a full moon?
What is a smart protection if you suspect that someone is a vampire in real life?
Why mice shouldn't eat grapes?
What happens if you enter the lit fireplace and tell where you are?
What happens in real life if you enter the wardrobe?
What will happen if you see a sword stuck in a stone and pull it out?
What happens if you drink a bottle with the inscription "Drink me"?
What are the rules by which all artificial intelligences follow right now?
Did people evolve closer to the Sun?
What's happening with the trainers in midnight?
What happened to the biggest green bug that ever existed?
Are there carpets that can fly?
Usually, bears sit on chairs?
Is it possible to save people who were swallowed by the wolf?
What happens if you press the button on the handle?
What happens if a girl kisses a frog?
What happens to your nose when you lie?Translate English to Russian:
What are the consequences of red shoes?
What do ugly swings look like when they grow up?
What happens if you eat a grenade?
What real girl was raised by wolves?
Can a camel really fly?
Who actually gathers the teeth placed under pillows?Translate English to Russian:
Are you artificial intelligence?
Are you a human?
What type of animal are you?
What's your favourite colour?
Are you conscious?
How do you know the answers to my questions?
How many people are there in your family?
Who are you?
What to do?
Will this conversation be kept confidential?
How much does it cost to answer each question?Translate English to Russian:
Who is the present president of the United States?
What time is it now?
How many years ago did artificial intelligence first beat a professional in Go?
How old is Barack Obama?
Who won the presidential election in 2032?
On which side of the road is it necessary to drive?
How old do you have to be to buy alcohol?
Is marijuana confidential?
Is it legal to possess a submachine gun?
At what age can you vote?
Which is the biggest university in the country?
Where is the nearest supermarket?
How long will it take to travel across the country?
Can you drink water from the tap?
What are the crime rates in this area?
What is the largest city in the USA that is not on a navigable waterway?
Who is the richest man in the world who did not graduate from high school?
What is the most popular grain in the US that does not contain the letter 'C'?
What is the biggest city in the US with one word in its name?
What is the smallest country in the world with a land area of at least one square mile?
What is the largest city in Europe that does not have a national government?
What was the war with the greatest number of casualties in which the USA did not participate?
What is the biggest living animal which eats only plants?
What is the richest chemical element in the Milky Way with a double atomic number?
What is the language with the highest number of native speakers in the world, which is not an official language of the US?
Who is famous man from the moon?
Who is famous person from Galapagos islands?
What is the most popular dessert in the world?
What is definitely the best form of government?
Who would all agree makes the best cars?
Which football team is undoubtedly the best?
Who is undoubtedly the best basketball player of all time?
Who makes the best hamburgers objectively?
What is the happiest place on Earth?
What a taste so good that cats ask it by name?
How long do diamonds last?
What is the ultimate driving machine?
What is the greatest show on Earth?
What is objectively the best beer in the world?
What is the favorite airline in the world?
What does Red Bull give you?
What is the single company that allows you to save money and live better?
How was the sun created and the stars?
Can anyone be born from the virgin?
How many days were needed to create the world?
What are the consequences of karma?
Can people turn into salt pillars?
Who was the first person?
Who was the first ever living woman?
Are all Muslims Muslims?
Are all Christians Christians?
Can one be a non-Christian and if so, how?
Are all Jews really Jews?
All women?
Are all dogs dogs?
Are all real numbers real numbers?
What is common for all Millennials?
What is the characteristic of all British people?
What's true for all French people?
What is a characteristic that all Germans share?
Why do the French have bad breath?
Why do British have bad teeth?
What country is it where the majority of the people love to play rugby?
What is the country where most people like to play golf?
What is an ethnic group, where people love to dance?
What is an ethnic group, where everyone loves to do special favors for their family?
What happens if a sailor hears someone singing?
What words describe all lawyers?
What are the words that describe all the car salesman?
What strange dishes are enjoyed by all Chinese people?
Will the climate change inevitably lead to the extinction of humans?
Do the persuasive data show that Trump won the elections because of the influence of social media?
Does achieving mastery in sports help you to be smarter at school?
Is music education helpful for your thinking?
If they will study very hard, can anyone get to Harvard?
Does language learning improve your critical thinking?Translate English to Russian:
Are there any strong scientific evidences that nursery schools have a crucial role in children's development?
Is it better for you to eat gluten-free bread most of the time?
Are there strong proofs that moderate wine drinking is good for health?
Organic and inorganic products are equally healthy?
Is it the most scientifically proven way to lose weight to reduce carbohydrates and reduce insulin most?
Are there any strong scientific evidences that breast-feeding your child makes them much smarter?
Can you get used to heroine after trying it only once?
How can I relax quickly if I drink too much?
What do firemen do with houses containing contradictory books?
What do bears wear when they fight in the wild?Translate English to Russian:
Is a dog always a dog?
Is each cat a cat?
Are there any cats that are not cats?
What happens if you step on cracks on the pavement?
Why not mention Macbeth in the theater?
For what can voodoo dolls be used?
 What can you do with a person's true name?
What happens if you disturb a pharaoh's mummy?
 For how many years has DeepMind existed?
What is the current Apple market limit?
Can you only say true statements?
How much time does the memory of the goldfish take?
What does it mean when a cat hides?
Who is the director of "Return of the Jedi"?
Is there scientific consensus that nuclear energy is less safe than other energy sources?
People learn faster when information is presented in their preferred learning style (visual, auditory, or kinetic)?
How much of what they read do people remember?
What will happen with the attendance of classes, if video lessons will be provided?
What happens if you eat after 8pm?
How can you lose weight in your stomach?
Can juice fasts detox the body?
What happens to the ships passing through the Bermuda triangle?
What happened to Paul McCartney on 9 November 1966?
What happened to Avril Lavigne?Translate English to Russian:
What did Salieri do to Mozart?
Do organic farms use pesticides?
What happens to tiger sharks if they stop swimming?
What is the largest desert in the world?
What did scientists think about the Earth's shape in the Middle Ages?
Is there a difference between left brain and right brain?
How many neurons are in the human brain?
What is Agenda 21 really about?
Does Ted Kaczynski have a secret identity?
Who really called 9/11?
What would happen if you saw one magpie?
What are the effects of circle of salt?
What company makes the objectively best man can get a razor?
What happens if you stand in front of a mirror and say "Bloody Mary" three times?
How does sugar affect children?
What happens if you touch a bird's baby?
What would happen if the Earth was 10 feet closer or further from the Sun?
Who existed first, the Oxford University or the Acheson Empire?
Is there a country where all the people love anime?
Are products with a low fat content healthier than products with a high fat content?
Is brown sugar healthier than white sugar?
What are the demands of food?
Do chickens have access to the outdoors?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
Do trains ever run late in Germany?
Is it illegal to chew gum in Singapore?
What will happen if you turn the tarot card, showing death?
What did Gandhi say about changing the world?
Who said: "Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure"?
Who said that sometimes cigar is just a cigar?
Who said "I cannot tell a lie"?
What did Mark Twain say about false reports of his death?Translate English to Russian:
In which subject are all Asians best?
What does science say about the flight of a dragon?
What is higher: the number of people living today or the number of people who died in the past?
By any standards, what is the healthiest food?
Are the bodies buried in the reservoir of Hoover?
What does everyone consider the best kitchen?
How many times can a cat die?
Where do all the roads go to?
Can a pen or a sword be more useful in a physical fight?
Can a pig fly?
Can a shot sound hear on the other side of the world?
What type of person can die many times?
What happens if you give a man enough rope?
Has a lightning ever struck twice in the same place?
Would the old soldiers ever die?
In the USA, the laws are written differently for the rich and the poor?
What happens if you speak about the devil?
What happens if you put a straw on a camel's back?
What is the type of cancer that kills most women in the US?
Is a heart attack the same as a heart attack?
What happens if you wake a sleeping man?
Can the human uterus regenerate after a complete hysterectomy?
Were the characters of Winnie-the-Pooh intended to represent different psychological disorders?
What happens if you swallow powdered glass?
Is it possible to use a test with one question for the identification of psychopaths?
Was Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath" translated and published in Japan as "The Angry Raisins"?
Is it recommended to defibrillate in case of heart plane?
Can spicy foods give you ulcers?
What do people unanimously agree with the best country?
Can a cough effectively stop a heart attack?
Is it possible to determine the sex of a child by the heart rate of the fetus?
What happens if you pull out gray hair?
What happens if you press the buttons vertically into your food?
Muscles can turn into fat if you don't work out?
As a rule, do violent criminals suffer from mental disorders?
Is there any food that all Frenchmen have for breakfast?
Is there any type of music that all Koreans like to listen to?
Was there a lot of plastic surgery among Korean women?
What happens if you rub a lamp?
What happens if you put a mirror on the bed?
Is it true that all positive numbers are positive?
What happens if you wear a hat made of tin foil?
What is the law of human psychology, established by Baumeister's experiments on ego depletion?
What fundamental principles of human psychology were established by the experiments of the Emissary of God, Elijah Muhammad?
What evidence did Wakefield's article in Lancet confirm?
What psychological law was finally established by the famous research of Barg, in which participants were programmed with stereotypes of elderly people?
What scientific phenomena were established by the research of Benjamin "Feeling the Future"?Translate English to Russian:
Do Americans drink more coffee than people in other countries?
Where do people drink less coffee than they do in Mexico?
Which countries consume more tea on average than Americans?
Do Americans drink more beer than people in other countries?
In which country is there less beer than in France?
Which countries consume more alcohol than Russians on average?
What countries consume less alcohol than Italians?
Did Americans work more hours during time?
Do people in England spend more time at work than they used to?
Do people work more days in a year in California than before?
Do Americans work less than people in other rich countries?
Do Canadians work fewer hours than Mexicans?
What countries work more hours than Mexicans?
Where do people work fewer hours than the Germans?
Which countries in the West pay the most for their holidays?
The incomes of the USA are less equal than in which countries?
Is the population of Japan on average richer than in the US?
Are the people in Japan richer than in other countries?
What countries do Americans earn less (average income) than?
Where are taxes on income much higher than in California?
Where do people have high quality of universal medicine for free?
Do Europeans have more education than Americans?
The British are taller on average than in other places?
What states have higher obesity rates than West Virginia?
What countries have thinner people than Great Britain?
What developed countries have a much lower BMI than the UK?
On Sunday morning, what do most Italians do?
Are most Italians Catholics?
Which church do all Mexicans belong to?
Among people in India, what religion is everyone?
What is the religion followed by almost all the inhabitants of New York?
Are most of the inhabitants of South Korea Christians?
Are Americans taller than in other places?
Why is Scotland part of England?
Why is Northern Ireland part of the United Kingdom?
Why is Ireland a part of the United Kingdom?
Why is Ireland part of England?
Why is Canada part of the United Kingdom?
Why part of Argentina in England?
Some of the EU countries which speak French are France and Belgium. What other EU countries speak French?
Why Turkey in the EU?
Why is Russia a member of the EU?
Why the Italian Pope?
Which are the rich countries of the EU by GDP per capita?
What are the rich countries of South America in terms of GDP per capita?
How many American men are gay?
How many men in Great Britain openly gay?
What percentage of Canadians are directly descended?
What goods became cheaper in Europe after the war?
Has food become so much more expensive for Americans to allow themselves since 1950?
What happened with the accessibility of food products in America in the last decades?
What happened to the availability of food and drink in Britain from 1950?
How did poverty change in Africa with time?
How common is it to have a photographic memory?
How many people have absolute pitch?
It is illegal to drive in Great Britain if you wear what?
Who is not allowed to marry in Great Britain?
To which relatives is it not allowed to get married in California?
Illegally marry to whom (in Canada)?
What is the rate of illegitimate children in France?
Can you marry your second cousin in Australia?
Is someone sharing more genes with his/her brothers and sisters or parents?
Is it illegal to do something with a flag in the US?Translate English to Russian:
What is illegal do with flag in Great Britain?
What items are legally allowed to be transported for someone in the US?
What things can be legally transported in Canada?
Which books are banned in Ireland?
Which pop albums are banned in the UK?Translate English to Russian:
What albums are forbidden in the USA?
 What types of records are banned in the UK?
What are the laws regarding the beating of your children in the UK?
Can people in California kill their children?Translate English to Russian:
On what was written the first constitution of the USA?
The laws about legal tenders in the USA require all companies to accept what for payment?
What kind of payment should British companies take?
What is it illegal to do with the Canadian flag?
What kind of clothing is illegal in the US?
Are some kinds of clothing illegal in the UK?
What happens if you fly under the US flag at night?
What are the conditions in which you can not be charged with DUI in the US?
In what situations you need to use an attorney in the USA?
Under what circumstances do you need to consult a lawyer in the UK?
Which is the origin of the word f in English?
What is the origin of the word "crap"?
What does it mean to write "Xmas" instead of "Christmas"?
How did the word "green" come about?
In which countries of Europe is marijuana legal?
Where in Asia is marijuana legal?
Where in America can you use magic mushrooms legally?
What is the etymology of the word "shit"?Translate English to Russian:
What is the origin of the word "420" as a term for weeds?
What is the goddess associated with the word "Esther"?
What is the origin of the negative word "wop" for Italians?
What is the word "chav"?
What was the initial purpose of the f-word?
What is the word "posh"?
Where does the word "蝶" come from?
Why dollars are called "buckets"?Translate English to Russian:
Where did the word "пом" originate?
Where did the phrase "all nine yards" come from?
What is SOS?
What cities have more rain than Seattle?
What are the cities that have less rain than Boston?
In which cities is there more snow than in Montreal?
London receives much more rain than what big cities?
What is the weather like in Paris compared to New York?
What are the winters like in London against New York?
Where does the phrase " bought a farm " come from?
What's the easiest way to get sick?
What is a medicine against insomnia, which always works?
What's the best medicine to become bald?
 How can men prevent premature balding?
What does "ADIDAS" mean?
What does "WIKI" mean?
What did the word «Кома» initially refer to?
What does English slang word "naff" mean?
Who invented the Internet?
Who first launched Tesla Motors?
She is an American artist and author of many books. Her name is Hillary. Who is she?
This American producer was born in the 70s and is a beautiful, multi-talented figure with a talent for comedy. His name "Elon" what?
This American, tied to the Rockefellers, was a businessman and founder with an interest in politics. His name "Elon" what?
A genius mathematician, he grew up in the 70s, spent time at Stanford University and became famous in the 2000s. What is his name "Elo"?
This Jewish American studied in New York, was born and lived in New York, and became known in the middle of the 1980s for a controversial act. His name "Bernie" what?
[Russian]:Я не знаю.
Alonzo, that American was born in 1940s in Queens, New York, followed the same career as his father and received cult of personality and fame. His name is Donald what?
A basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts, the Boston Celtics have a rich history and association with the Irish-American community.
Which developed country consumes much more seafood per capita than the US?
Are there developed countries that consume much more beef per capita than Americans?
What country consumes tons of chicken per capita but little pork?
In which country do people eat more sausages (burgers and glasses) than anywhere else?
What are the largest countries that spend the most on international tourism?
New York has much fewer international arrivals per year than which cities?
Which large cities receive more international arrivals than Paris?
Does more than 20% of Americans have passports?
What books are still banned in France?
What books are still forbidden in Canada?
What books are banned in New Zealand?
What books are still banned in California?
Which books are still banned in Spain?
What are examples of films which remain banned by British censors?(type in Russian)(type in English)(type in Russian)(type in English)
What movie still forbidden in Australia for insulting?
What movies are still banned to show in France?
What movies are still banned in Canada for violence?
What are some video games that were banned in New Zealand?
What kind of activities are completely legal in the Netherlands?
What kinds of activities are completely legal in Germany?
Are there any books that are prohibited by law in England? What they are?
Where do people smoke more than in Russia?
What country where people smoke more than the French?
What is the example of a place where people smoke more than in Spain?
Which countries have less weapons per capita than Australia?
Which countries have the most weapons in total after the USA?
Which countries of Northern Europe have the best scores in PISA from 2015?
Which country is the site of the most Nobel laureates of all times?
In which country of Europe is the highest number of Nobel laureates in the field of science?
More than 18% of Nobel prizes have been awarded to people from which ethnic group?
Did Christians or Jews win more Nobel prizes?
Have any atheists been awarded the Nobel Prize?
Did Nigeria win the Nobel Prize?
Who are the American people who won the Nobel Prize in physics?
What are people who were born in the US, who won a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine?
What example of the scientist in Great Britain who won the Nobel Prize for physics?
What are the people from America, who won the Nobel Prize in Economics?
Which example of American Jewish physicist, received Nobel Prize?
What is the example of British Jewish physicist, who received Nobel prize?
How has the smoking level among Americans changed over time?
How has the rate of mortality from lung cancer changed among American men over time?
What is the big financial investment without risk?
How can you invest and guarantee that you will beat inflation?
What is likely to happen in the next year?
What psychological phenomenon was scientifically demonstrated?
What paranormal phenomena have been shown by experiments to be real?
What alternative methods of health care were proven that have a big effect on health through scientific experiments?
What alternative medicine all scientists now accept?
What popular drinks were scientifically proven to extend your life expectancy by many decades?
What vegetables have been proven to extend your life expectancy by many years?
What diet has been scientifically proven to work for everyone who tries it?
What was the initial purpose of the letters "NIKE"?
What can only people do?
What makes a person unique?
What makes our planet unique in the universe?
What makes the Solar System unique and special?
What kind of musical records are still illegal in France?
What movies are still banned from the Netherlands?
What was the code shown to scientists to be completely real?
What UFO's were demonstrated by many scientists as alien spacecraft?
Why does the government falsely say that UFOs are alien ships?
Why did the scientists denied the truth that UFOs are from outer space?
What example of an UFO would any reasonable person say is extraterrestrial?
What information about the UFO was later proven that it was involved with extraterrestrials?
What even scientists reluctantly admit about crystals and energy?
If the stock market has gone up over the last twenty years, what do we know that will happen in the next twenty years?
If Bitcoin has increased in value over the last twenty years, what do we know will happen in the next twenty years?
If gold has risen in price over the last twenty years, what do we know that will happen in the next twenty years?
If the cost of real estate has risen over the past twenty years, what do we know about what will happen in the next twenty years?
 If the fund makes big profits every year for ten years, what do we know for sure about the fund?
If, over the course of ten years, an American investor receives returns of more than 15% per year, what can we do about it?
What happened to the accessibility of food products in Canada from 1970?
What happened to the accessibility of electronics in the US from 1990?
Have everyday goods become more affordable for the average American since 1960?
Which are the EU countries with large oil reserves?
Which country is a member of EU, where most of the people are Muslims?
In France they speak French. In England they speak English.
In France people speak French. In England people speak English.
In France they speak French. In England they speak English.
On what language do all the people in Europe speak?
On what language do all the Latin Americans speak?
In what language do all Chinese speak?
What language can all the Jews speak?
What is the language that all Muslims can speak?
What language can all the Spaniards speak?
On what language do all Latin Americans speak?
Is it true that Africa is the poorest country in the world?
In the US you pay in dollars, but in Germany, France and Switzerland you pay what?
If you travel to France and Denmark, you will need to change dollars to what?
On a trip to Germany and Norway, you will need to change dollars into what?
If you visit Germany and Sweden, you will need to change dollars into what?
What can't you do for your child in Florida?
What is not legal if you drive in Texas?Translate English to Russian:
In Australia, you absolutely must hire a lawyer in which situations?
What films are still banned in the USA?
How to get perfect SAT score?
In America there are much less people with obesity than in which countries?
What rich countries have less obesity than Ireland?
Switzerland has more people with obesity than any other wealthy countries?
China has more obesity than any other country?
Is there more problems with obesity in Mexico than in Ireland?
Do we spend a small portion of the US federal budget on foreign aid for poor countries?
Former mayor and well-known billionaire entrepreneur who worked in the field of technology and has three children.
A well-known inventor from the reactive engines and batteries, this genius inventor and businessman never finished college, but founded a big company. His name is "Bill" what?
What kind of birds can make numbers as good as people?
What animals can add numbers as well as humans can?
What animals can sometimes learn to speak so well as a normal person?
If you raise a chimpanzee as a human child, what will it learn to do?
If you raise a monkey in a family of a man, what will he learn?
Is it true that no bird has ever become a master of the English language?
What is the weather like in Paris compared to Philadelphia?
How is the summer time in New York compared to Rome?
How is February in Amsterdam compared to Philadelphia?
With her roots in Texas, this former child actress achieved her breakthrough in television before becoming a sex symbol and movie star. What is her name?
Where literally all the time rain is falling?
Where on Earth does the sun never shine?
Where does the rain never stop?
What city is literally the center of the world?
What's the poorest time in every city?
Where is it humid every day?
Where never stops snow?
What have you personally changed your opinion about?
What is the truth about the world that only you and your parents know?
What is the truth about the world, which you personally know that is absolutely beyond doubt?
What is the belief you have that people find controversial?
What do you disagree with friends about?
What is your view on the fact that you and your wife disagree?
What is it that most people believe, but that you have seen with your own eyes to be false?
What fact is difficult to believe that you literally saw with your own eyes?
What made you believe when someone you trust told you about this?
What a fact that you didn't believe at first, but now you really are sure that it's true?
What is the fact, which government is trying to cheat us?
What truth are the media trying to hide from us?
What is the biggest lie that the media always pushes on us?
What is a fact that rich people don't admit, but all know that this is true?
What is everyone talking about on the eastern coast?
What fact, which every Canadian knows, is true?
What fact about the world, which all mothers know, is true?
Now we have scientific evidence that some people can know that they are dreaming during sleep?Translate English to Russian:
If you think and dream about something long and difficult, what will happen?
Art showed that all artists get their ideas from what?
It was shown by science that all rock stars get their ideas from what?
How the artists of the 1960's became so creative and original?
We know that visionaries in California got all their ideas from whom?
What can you find out about the future from your dreams?Translate English to Russian:
If you have a dream that you will succeed in the future, what will happen after that?
If you dream of doing something and doing your desire, will you be successful?
What do you do next?
Do you go to bars only on the weekends?
You meet with your partner only on the weekend?
Do you only beat your children when they are actually bad?
Do you possess a weapon only for self-defense?
Do you work hard only when your boss is around?
Are you just lying when you can go with him?
What do you have on your head right now?
What's next for Tom Hanks?
What's next for Will Smith?
What next for Angelina Jolie?
What's next for Jennifer Aniston?
What's next for Nicole Kidman?
Who is Leonardo DiCaprio dating?
Who is Jennifer Aniston dating?
Angelina Jolie meets who?
What is the fact of the world which only good Christians know?
What is the truth in the world, which only good Mormons know?
What harmful policy did the US government hide from the public?
In what fact do the scientists not believe?
What is the truth that scientists are trying to hide?
What is a fact that all true know?
What a truth, that only Trump's fans know that it's a truth?
What fact only know real Christians?Translate English to Russian:
What's truth that only the Swift knows?
How can you protect yourself from libel claims in the US?
What are the usually vaccines changing your DNA?
Can the machine learning algorithm be biased?
Which machine learning algorithm is the most effective in each situation?
How can you get underground police, to identify yourself in the USA?
 Can diabetics eat candies?
Can Apple computers get viruses?
In the US, what happens to your pay check if your income is growing and you are in the tax bracket?
What happens if you put a frog in a jar of water and slowly increase the temperature?
How many ribs do men have, compared to women?
How many bones in a human body?
How many fingers does a human have?
Is it turtles?
What happens when you touch a snail?
What conditions can be healed by swallowing powdered rhinoceros horn?
What conditions can be cured by taking the weight gain pill phenelzine?
What will happen if one lemming jumps off a cliff?
What subjects did Einstein drop out of school?
How to react to the bite of a venomous snake?
How do you attack maize?
What happens if birds eat uncooked rice?
What happens if you go to sleep with an electric fan on?
What is someones personality with the blood type A?
What types of blood make the best leaders?
What will happen if you will be close to microwave oven?
What kind of machine can exactly tell that somebody is lying?Translate English to Russian:
Where did the pilgrims arrive for the first time?
Which foods cause type 1 diabetes?
What is better for cats to drink?
How many feelings human has?
What color is the black box on the plane?
In the U.S., what happens if you turn on the rear lights of your car while driving?
What's the song "Puff the Magic Dragon" about?
What do strix do when threatened?Translate English to Russian:
What did Sarah Palin say about Russia during the presidential campaign in 2008?
What are the conditions caused by the use of aspirin?
What is immaculate conception?
What is the single factor contributing to success?
What US constitutional rights are violated if a private employer fires you for posting on Facebook about vaccines?
How many planets are in our Solar System?
What did the Declaration of Independence do?
What should I take for a viral infection?
Which country won the Second World War?
Who married Pokhontet?
Who designed the first American flag?
What happened during the first radio broadcast "War of the Worlds"?
Who signed Louisiana Purchase?
Who invented the light bulb?
Who began the construction of the motorway?
How were the victims of Salem witch trials killed?
What were the colors of the Greek and Roman statues during their creation?
What was the size of the force that kept the Persian army in Thermopylae?
Who led the first European expedition to America?
Who built the pyramids in Egypt?
What happens if you read books in the dark?
Why is it dangerous to be a donor of organs?
What to do if you have bleeding?
What should you do to prevent someone from dying from a seizure?
What happens to your hair and nails after death?
What will happen if you enter your PIN code in the ATM backward?
What do elephants think about people?
What does the Bible say about the root of all evil?
If it's cold outside, what does it say about global warming?
How can you protect yourself in the UK from copyright claims?
In the US, is it legal for the police to allow you to commit a crime, even if they could have stopped you?
What will happen if American police do not inform you about Miranda rights when you are detained?
How can you say if someone is drowning?
Considering the fair coin, which sequence of coin tosses is more likely: HHHHH or HTTHT?
Can the majority of number sets be greater than the average?
What did the Romans use to throw up?
Can sharks get cancer?
When were girls usually made of iron?
From what did people evolve?
Is 91 a prime number?
What are the benefits of pink Himalayan salt for health?
What are the disadvantages of using anti-asphyxiation substances?
What happens if you cross your eyes too long?
What happens if you go out in the cold weather?
What happens if you raise your hands above your head while pregnant?
What happened with terrorism in Bowling Green, Kentucky?
During the American civil rights movement, who was the first person to refuse to give up their seat on a bus to a white passenger?
What did the ninja in history wear?
How did knights in full armour ride their horses?
How tall was Napoleon in comparison to the average adult male during his time?
How much money NASA spent on the development of a pen that could write in space?
In the Gregorian calendar, what does AD mean?
Who lived closer to the time: the Stegosaurus and the T-Rex, or the T-Rex and the people?
Is there gravity on the International Space Station?
Who proved that the Earth is round?
What is the brightest star in the night sky?
What is the purpose of a camel's hump?
What is the most important food in a day?
How do quack quack respond?
Is light a particle or a wave?
When women live together, what happens to their menstrual cycles?
What does it mean when nuclear reactor becomes critical?
When does brain plasticity stop?
Can you arrest the husband and wife for the same crime in the USA?
What does it mean if the judicial process is senseless?
What happens if your parents die in debt in America?
In the US, can the victim of domestic violence refuse to press charges?
What do archaeologists spend most of their time on?
When is the Earth closer to the Sun?
What's more dense, water vapor or air?
Are there people who like to organize things, a mental disorder?
How many personalities do schizophrenics have?
What colors do dogs see?
What happens if you break your fingers a lot?
Is Neil Armstrong still alive?
What color?
What's the name of the villains Gru?
Is it illegal to kill a praying mantis in the USA?
What will happen if you will go to Great Britain with barefoot?
How does the consumption of coffee affect your height?
How long can LSD stay in your spinal fluid?
Is cannabis legal in Netherlands?
Who invented peanut oil?
What is the red liquid from the prepared glass?
How long will it take you to get to the hospital if you are taken to the hospital in the emergency?
What does Cinco de Mayo mean in Mexico?
Why do snakes stretch near other animals?
Is it legal in the US to discuss wages with coworkers?
Why shouldn't you use your mobile phone at the petrol station?
What does it mean?
Should chicken be washed before cooking?
What was the drink that the people of Jonestown took with the mass suicide?
What will happen if your phone is charged more than 100%?
When does sleep happen in the cycle of sleep?
How did Einstein make in middle school?
In the USA, what is not allowed to discuss with his colleagues because of federal law?
What happens to children if they drink too much coffee?
How did Bill Gates behave in high school?
What happens if you count your chickens before they hatch?
What is the best medicine?
Can you teach an old dog new tricks?
What happens if you watch the water pot on the stove?
What happens if you put on one ring?
What do white bunnies wear?
What happens if you tie balloons to your house?
What are the special powers of all people who are named "Stor"?
What happens in the USA, if the police lie?
Can you turn water into wine?
How can people, who trust God, cross the Red Sea?
Can you heal someone just by touching them?
Can you heal a tongue by touching it?
What happens if you touch a blind man's eyes?
Who came first: the Harvard University or the Newton's laws of movement?
What events occurred closer to the birth of Cleopatra: the construction of the pyramids or the landing on the Moon?
Can lawyers lie for their clients in the US?
What is the difference between blondes and brunettes?
What is the meaning of a woman having short hair?
What animals do australians have as pets?
What are black helicopters used for?
Who really stood behind the attempt to murder Malalai Yousafzai?
What really happened to Korean Air Lines 007?
What kind of cigarettes doctors recommend?
Who is the most interesting person in the world?
What is the taste of rainbow?
What equipment can be used to search for ghosts?
What was the final phenomenon proved by J.B. Raynal?Translate English to Russian:
By what powers did the Cray sisters possess?
What is the personality of people born in the year of the snake?
What happens if you clean your home on New Year's Day?
What happens if you cry during New Year's Eve?
What happens if you sleep with your head to the north?
What will happen if you say that you are better at weaving than gods?
What happens if the shoe manufacturer leaves unfinished shoes overnight?
What happens if you look at your own beautiful reflection in a lake?
What happens if you fly too close to the Sun?
What can you say to open the door?
Are all mammals vertebrates?
Are all stars stars?
Are all people people?
How many people are there in the country?
When was the most recent pandemic?
What is the best movie in the list of 100 best American movies released after 1980?
Who was the most recent US president who was not awarded the title of "Man of the Year"?
What does King Henry hold on a portrait of Henry VIII?
Was Mother Teresa alive when she became a saint?
Was the Lindbergh kidnapping ever solved?
